I love the company and the coworkers.. but there is not place to advance within the company, and all you do is press enter all day..
Great &amp; welcoming environment; feels like a second home. Working here makes you proud to be apart of the Facebook family.
With every 2 week release cycle the environment was still fun place to work at. I learned several skills like time management. How there is not differentiation between higher authorities and the engineers. Contractors are treated equally and with respect. I learned to meet deadlines with less stress and efficiently. Learned to distribute work with piers and take up additional work from piers if needed. Multi-tasking several projects efficiently. Knowledge transfer to the piers and grabbing good additional skills from leads and piers. So much of diversity and yet no differentiation. Challenging part is to keep up to the fast pace. Even a week of vacation will have lots to catch up. The most exciting part of the job was to go to work everyday.
While we were able to accomplish a great deal the company culture is not focused on the physical security aspects and goals of the company.  Still very much a start-up environment the focus is not asset protection but rather developing new products and rolling them out.
Enjoyed the people, free food and flexibility. The job was just not the right fit and was not what I expected.  Hardest part was that nothing was ever consistent, so it made it hard to provide good support.
There are a lot of great things about being at Facebook. The work is rewarding, they give you lots of responsibility if you're driven, and you get to see your work change the platform.  It's not for the faint of heart. You will work long hours and intensely.
Typical day: coordinating and conducting phone screens, in person interviews with candidates all over the world. Working with Facebook management, to review candidates profile, and facilitate hiring decisions.  Learned: Learned so much about roles I never had exposure to  Management: hectic  Co-Workers: hard working and pleasant  Hardest part of Job: denying candidates employment  Most Enjoyable: team members, management, and getting people jobs!
The work is interesting, the pay is decent, but the hours could be very long depending on the group
Flat organization fast paced and relies on proactive employees. Management seems to favor cheaper contractor and focus on statistics and not essential daily work.
Facebook was a very interesting place to work. The culture of communication and cooperation was like nothing I'd ever seen before. The level of enthusiasm among coworkers and bosses was infectious.
A typical day at work consisted of having a plan for he 100 plus kids. i learned proper planning can take you a long way. My co workers were all energetic and positive. the hardest part of this job was cleaning up after lunch. The most enjoyable part of the job was watching the children grow up and they remember their experience at summer camp.
I am under a contract of one year but in that time, a typical day at work involved 3 square meals for free, activities after work and a very relaxed feel of the company as a whole.
I worked in the security department. Was not the most enjoyable, but working at the Facebook HQ was great! Facebook is a great company if you work in house.
This is a company that does not value work life balance. The amount of time required to put in each week would be impossible if your colleagues aren't like your family or best friends.
Loved it - intense, but rewarding. Highly collaborative environment; might or might not be your cup of tea, depending on the type of engineer you are. Definitely moving away from the "small startup" feel though; it is making the transition, wholly, to a big company.
Very fast paced and so much to learn! Very attentive hiring managers and humble staff. Facebook still functions like a start up.
This experience changed my life. The management was great, so were my coworkers. The company culture was something I look for in every company.
No probems with the tear on hand .they all pulled together in safety . the time in finishing the jod was saying good bye to great team and hard workes .the best part of my job was the guts always looked out for me as will .
Awesome work, love the culture and love to exercise with teams that genuinely care about the troupe.
Great experience where you can learn in a lot in a global company.
At Facebook I would patrol the interior and exterior of the buildings that would constitute approximately half of the campus, providing access assistance and escorts when requested. I learned what it's like to be part of a large team that works together towards a common goal which is the safety of all present at the site. Management was rather generous with overtime, enabling me to support myself without requiring a second job while in school. My co-workers were all good people, quick to smile and assist anyone requesting it. The hardest part of the job were the first hour of every shift as you gauge the pace of the day and learn where you will be most effectively posted. The most enjoyable part of the job was the college like atmosphere as if it were a Disneyland for adults.
