Working with the Firm Ford, Cooper and Kako fast paced agency maintainging confidential files and records.
The work environment is good, the work is interesting, and every day I learn something new on the job. Would highly recommend a position at Ford Motor Company.
Friendly and conducive work environment. Big company - Opportunities to grow and develop Dress down Fridays in-house restaurant Free parking
good place to learn; friendly management; challenging job; good perks; helping to co-workers;the most enjoyable part of the job
It could be a matter of my management but there is no job training/education.  It is talked about how much Ford supports it and in my experience no classes or conferences are approved.
Great, Great company with Great leaders, Supervisors and co workers. Was hired in without College degree and was there 17 years until it became obvious with Buyouts that they were looking for the creme of the crop when auto business hit its low spot in 2007. I took the buyout and really appreciated the opportunity.
Ford offers a competitive salary. It's a great place to work if you like selling cars because the atmosphere is all about that. Great cars sell themselves.
From Previous work places, work ethics, timeliness, organization, you work for any company its to achieve the companies goals to make a successful future for all.
Ford was interesting, high strung , long hours, worked second shift, doing the same thing over and over and over again was mundane,  mandatory overtime, I  had opportunities to advance after a year.
produced car parts, spent 10 great yrs with Ford Motor Co this is a great company to work for would highly recommend, co-workers were great.
Ford is an overall good company. The people are great, employee involvement is encouraged and you are part of a team.  Youcan use your brain every day and be a part of the solution to problems.
As an intern on the new Certified Pre-Owned business, I'm sure my experience was different of most. That being said, I had a fantastic manager and I learned a lot about the manufacturer/dealer relationship.
Assembled parts with power tools, worked well with team and supervisors. Packed quality parts for shipment. Changed machine fixtures.
this job was only seasonal I was the person they would hire in the summer when employees wouldn't show up for work. It was only Mondays and Fridays wish they would have hired in full time
I enjoyed working for Ford Motor Company, however had a better opportunity. It was a great experience working there. Working for the automotive companies are a great opportunity.
Assembly line work is hard work. I truly love customer service. Assembly work pays well, but as i said before it's hard work.
Great bosses and co-workers, driven and motivated environment, and overall relaxed but productive atmosphere. Definitely would recommend this company to others.
great company with great benefits and coworkers, job very demanding and fast paced at times. Overall great place to work
The pay is good the benefits are decent, how ever as a salary employee on the manufacturing side you work 12+ hour days, and you are compensated, but you do not have a set work schedule and can be called in to work weekends last second. Work life balance is bad, plus you are forced to use vacation when they want you to.
I was a contractor and it was a great company to work for. I enjoyed working with my co-workers and management. I learned how to code DB2 STORED PROCEDURES on this assignment.
I was busy from the beginning of the day to the end. I learned to be a good statistical typist. Some of my management were great to work for and my coworkers and I got a long very well. Hardest part of my job wasn't at work, it was working and being a single parent. I enjoyed my job. I work well under pressure for deadlines
Very flexible work schedule (WLB), exposure to new technologies, independent work strongly encouraged, strong teams, supportive co-workers, stretch goals, and feeling of accomplishment each day.
I enjoyed the challenges that were introduced during my employment involving bringing new and breaking edge technologies online with the new F-150 aluminum fabrication efforts. Trained on Hem die, robotics and riveting processes and applications. Maintained a safe work environment for subordinates and support personnel. Management left some things to be desired with practices and methods.
Ford Motor company is a vey good company to work for. Its a growing business that has many new innovative cars. Working with the UAW has been a challenge but you continue to push forward.
The hardest part of the job is the physical damage that is done to the body overtime since most of the jobs are repetitive motions at a fast paced environment. Most enjoyable part of the job is making new friends at work and everyone acts like they are your family. Most jobs you are working on a line or on a machine and every job has a cycle time in which the job needs to be completed in. My station i work at has to be completed in 15 seconds The most important part of my job or any job at my facility is making sure all our parts are packed properly and within quality and safety guidelines.
Good scope of manufacturing and production side of the company. Co-workers are diligent and easy to work with. Demands a good work ethic.
The job is okay depending on your personality and current family situation, and your desired path for promotion within the company. There are perks that most enjoy. Company employees and associates that employees have to work with are ego-driven which can be frustrating.
Too often requires work on your scheduled days off, and you basically have to not show up against threats of write-ups to use any of the non-scheduled paid days off in your benefits package. This is a cut throat environment in which management plays unethical games to write up anyone to take the heat off themselves, and tries to pressure you into doing the same with your employees. The rotating schedule is brutal at times, and it sucks to be required to work so many hours and not be compensated (i.e. 1.5 or 2X, to compensate).  This is not a position in which you will move up. Turnover is way too high, so upper management will do everything in its power to keep production management exactly where they are.
It's a tough business with great potential. Salary is based on your individual performance not someone else controlling your pay.
Highly recommend this company. Family oriented and great overall experience. Great opportunity to learn and grow with a recognized global automotive leader.
it is a world famous brand for cars and this is a good company which provides better faculty to their staff members.Their main motive is to satify customer needs in cheap and best price according to the needs of the customers.
Ford does not understand IT. They want to be Agile, but completely do not understand what that means. Their financial systems are outdated. The project manager role does not participate in anything that is not considered admin work. Basically, you are a paper pusher at the highest degree.  Ford treats its employees very well, but its contractors not so well. You are not allowed to work from home. You have no vacation days. Your time is monitored down to the half hour.  There is no path to hire; although you are told otherwise when you are interviewed.
a typical day at work at ford was always interesting as well as challenging and at the end of the day there was a sense of accomplishment. I learned a lot about manufacturing processes and working with others in a team toward a common objective. I enjoyed working with my fellow co-workers and working along with management. it was a very rewarding job in many ways and it always provided opportunity for achievement.
I worked at Ford for 7 years. This is where i began my working career. My family has been working for Ford since the company first started. Ford can do no wrong in my eyes.
Repairing locomotives. Using massive equipment to repair the many different parts that are many times bigger than the average car.
Each and everyday there is something that can be learned or taught at work. The management team there at Ford do all they can to secure a safe and enjoyable work setting. The hardest part of being a Leader is funding to receive parts need to repair plant equipment.
Okay pay and benefits. Excellent product that has improved over time. I was there during the difficult times which made it a little difficult to endure.
Ford is my favorite company I have worked for and it has many good benefits. Worked in body shop which was fast paced and loved to work and make quality parts.
This is where I learned all my office skills, multi-tasking, and being proficient. I worked under the superintendent and was very busy there too. I had to have good organizational and motivational skills. However, the plant closed.
great place to work. hands on work friendly family owned staff I would recommend them to anyone. they have work on many large job in the area.
We always knew what was expected of us and we were rewarded for reaching goals, There was always training for any new task given. The hardest part of the job was working until 9:00pm two nights per week and every other Saturday.
i enjoyed working for ford Dearborn truck co.i got the chance to learn a lot about ford and the way they operate its a great place to work coworkes stick together and work as a team to get the job done
Good company with a long history. Processes need to be improved to include global platforms, current facilities for engineers to sit are extremely outdated and lack design and are depressing. The company keeps stating they want to cultivate innovation, yet management is not willing to spend the money to encourage innovation. Working in a dirty, depressing building is not going to make me want to be creative. Upper management doesn't always give the best direction (usually because their management doesn't provide it).
Turnover is so high that work is often left incomplete. Many contract workers are often treated as outcast, which creates animosity about being a Ford employee. Most Managers will favor family and friends for direct hire positions. Culture of intimidation is common and most are afraid to speak about it for fear of being terminated. This is reflective of the history of quality issues within the entire American auto industry.
horrible environment, treat injured people there with no respect although they were injured working there. NO RESPECT
Establish great working relationship with union/management. I had the opportunity to manage 4 direct reports. All 4 direct reports have promising careers. The hardest part of the job is reducing the constant churning of hourly employees.
Ford Motor company is a wonderful place to work. They are a union company and the rate of pay is great, great benefits too if you are willing to do what it takes to make such an awesome truck!
The best company I ever had the pleasure to work for. Was promoted several times, each time resulting in a relocation. Opted to take early retirement as opposed to another relocation.
Excited to show up at work and built a quality product! SixSigma Greenbelt certified, SixSigma Blackbelt trained. Leadership and Management team was awesome and knew exactly how to empower employees.  Co-workers were from all walks of life, and were a pleasure to work with. We all grew to bond as one big family.  The hardest part of the job was the plant closing.  The most enjoyable was the team work, Management and Leadership knowing exactly what needed to be done to accomplish our goal of 100 percent customer satisfaction
A typical day started by assembling vehicles and fixing them before they ended up in repair holes. I learned a lot about automobiles, how to repair fix and troubleshoot them. Management was great, the union was great and the co-worker's were good hard-working people who took pride in what they did. The hardest part was working like a robot and catching car's before they ended up in repair holes, which creates delays to dealerships. The only reason that I left, was because I started my own business. The most enjoyable part was seeing a car go from start to finish knowing that you had a part in it and the pay was awesome. You also got all of your raises when you were supposed to along with profit-sharing and great healthcare benefits.
Buzy work enviroment, It made the day go by fast. Good training. Job pay does not match the amount of work required from employees. hardly no growth opportunity unless you have a bachelors degree.
Make sure the work place is safe to work. Make sure all employees are healthy and able to work. check all items to make sure inventory in the right area. check email daily. meeting with co-supervisors
Money is great, but thats about it. long hours and hostile work environment can make for challenging days at work
You must be 30 mins before the line starts i work from 6:30pm to 5:30 am i was assmbely line worker and put on rear struts and brake line im a people person so its not hard to get alone with people i love my co-workers the hard part was the first week i started had to adjust my self to perform my duties at work but after that i love my job the most important and enjoyable was the numbers me and my co-workers was putting up the numbers for the day of the cars we made.
Great Place to work, Fun, exciting an d challenging. Diverse and flexible
Ford was a great place to work, we got good benifits and got paid well. the management was also great in the work place. Co-workers were great we all took up for each other.
I worked for Ford's glass division. There were many challenging projects to work on. I was able to do dome traveling to different plants. I was able to meet new people and implement system to help people do their jobs easier.
Worked for this company for 10 years. Excellent company to have worked for.
Ford Motor Company in my opinion is the BEST company to work for!!
Launch new vehicle programs from manufacturing feasibility, design, build and install tooling and facilities. Work with plant to resolve quality and throughput concerns.
Great place to work. All the overtime you can want. Left there due to plant closing. Loved working there. Lot of great people work there.
Working at the Product Development Center in Dearborn, MI is exciting. In the Design Milling Department we create interior and exterior parts for all of the models in every studio at the PDC. From wheels, to seats, to grills and even full-scale body exteriors we help bring concept to reality. Our CNC milled parts are complimented by the work of the other fabrication shops (wood, plastics, metal and trim) and our modelers to build models and full-size sample interiors that are used to develop the next generations of Ford vehicles.
Of course, this was a great paying job. And I very much liked most of the people I worked with. Management could've been better, but for the most part, the pay and benefits made up for any negative.
Fords was a great job, too bad it had to end. I was young and I learned the responsibilities and the commitments of the work world.
They take care of their employee's. They have and deserved excellent reputation.
in management, I worked extremely long hours per day. jit hourly deadlines, time management communication skills, training and extreme work ethic is my credo ! I had to work with all employees. I felt close to my employees and motivated them . most difficult was maintaining and improving ford deadlines and metrics within each area of my multi- faceted job descriptions. I most enjoyed the people who worked for me
Great environment and potential for promotions. People stay there for their entire careers...I think that is an accurate reflection of the great work-life balance.
Working at Ford was a very great experience, I learned a lot about their culture and work environment. My co-workers were a very close knit group that helped me every step of the way. The most enjoyable part of my job was traveling. I really liked not having to be in the office all the time, a nice change of scenery every once in a while was very enjoyable in my internship.
- Technical Adviser for Noise and Vibration. - Provided expertise of vibration on new vehicle design.
good pay lots of over time training programs i enjoy maintenance work all together all types
I worked on the assembly for Ford Motor Company which had its cons and pros. I was able to earn a good salary but the physical aspect did have it toll on my body. I had to learn to eat the right food when I was at work so that I wont sluggish on the line. Also I had to work with my fellow employees. I did long hours and alot of overtime. I taught that this job would be secure but it didnt due to the economy.
Arrived at least 30 minutes before the shift change to review previous shift performance and any problems the next shift would be facing. Run the shift. Report performance to management and report any problems to management and oncoming shift supervisor. Remain until all pertinent questions were addressed. Management expected performance and cross-shift cooperation...which made quality and performance at optimum. Co-workers were all professional and expert. Very high caliber and well trained. Training was always an on-going concern for the Company. Hardest part was probably training new employees or retraining old employees that were changing jobs or machines within the process and making sure that a very high level of quality and productivity was always achieved.. The most enjoyable part was working with employees that were skilled and professional.
great job and pay, RCS took over and voith lost contract with Ford. other than that, everything is great now. work is great, can get enough hours, great co-workers with many personalities. Hardest part is if your not into the cold weather for those who dislike cold, we work outside so if you hate the cold its not the right job for you..
Product Test Engineer - Engine Laboratory Department, Dearborn, Michigan Developed and reviewed test requests and recommended procedures. Technical control of test rooms and validated data for accuracy. Diagnosed and troubleshot internal combustion.  Engineering Technologist - Emission Laboratory Department, Allen Park, MI Investigated and recommended layout for the installation of Hewlett-Packard computer system. Reduced CTE 50 chassis dynamometer downtime and initiated procedures. Researched and specified diesel engine timing and tachometer device. Developed Scott Pressure-Pak IIa training program.  Instrumentation Test Technician - Facilities and Engineering, Dearborn, MI Repaired defective equipment, calibration and performed preventative maintenance. Redesigned pump diaphragm and valve bodies, which resulted in parts cost reduction of 75% and increased life expectancy.
I was hired and worked relentlessly for this company.I found out over time, I'm not a cubicle type. I was laid off eventually. There were many things that happened in between. Some good, some bad, but overall I was not impressed. But hey, if you want to stress out to impress and advance, only to find out your supervisor is getting promoted for stealing your ideas and taking credit for your had work, You can apply through manpower.
Ford is a place you can retire from as long as you don't mind the heat in the summers. Benefits were fantastic and they offer a good retirement plan.
Fast pace and rigorous workload. They did not want more than one error per 1000 parts. You were required to pick the right parts and place them in the correct shipping bins. The company did not want too many people working if the workload was too light.
Came on as a contract position, left when it was made clear that permanent positions would be few and far between. Overall a good job though, and being in a manufacturing environment is very interesting and fast-paced.
I started with Ford Motor Credit Company in October of 2007. In which I gained over 6 years or more with collections, credit decisioning, customer service, and reason for delinquency, and resolving high balance accounts.
Pay was outstanding and the benefits were great, but the workforce seemed to be lackadaisical because of the 12 hour 7 day schedule
Exccellent place t owork, management had me involved with presentations on just my second day, they had full confidence that I could perform presentations t oFMC upper management.
Working here was so great! The pay was wonderful, the people were so cordial and fun to work with.here. On a typical day, the environment was fast paced and there were chance to meet new individuals daily!
Performed PMCS Repair customers vehicles Use tools and equipment .....................................................................................................................................................
quality is job one but unfortunately management doesn't agree at times. Its a very discriminative to women and uncaring about injuries at occur on various jobs in the plant. Overall it does provide a sense of security for your families with the high income brackets.
good atmosphere for the most part. Overall a good place to work.
#1 sales manager performer for 36 consecutive months. National manager executive training leader. Strong commitment to training and international development.
Come in to work, make some coffee, clean the lot, gas up the vehicles and maintain the lot. Chance to drive many new/used cars all day. If you like driving this is a great gig, also time and a half on Sunday's.
Productive general labor assembly work How to build and put together parts for Ford Vehicles Excellent Team Players When you run out of parts and have to go home Seeing the parts that you made actually on the car and can locate it
great steady work, great health care, paid medical leaves for your self and family members
Does not provide awork/life balance. Tends to be a hostile work environment.
Ford Motor Company is a wonderful company to work for in any facet.
In Ca, I worked in a huge warehouse that stocked all of the Ford parts that a dealer would need to do repairs. The parts come from detroit and we had to stock them in warehouse and the afternoon shift would pick the parts and load them in trucks to deliver to ford Dealers in so Cal.
ASSEMBLY LINE MECHANIC Modified the police interceptors; Installing and Wiring equipment onto vehicles; placement of equipment for police cars. Team player with quality record of attendance and punctuality.
work was very steady I learned how to build automobiles we all worked as a team t most enjoyable part of the job was advancement
fast pace, mentally challenging, great place to work. a great learning environment.
High volume assembly of heavy truck units in very adversarial union environment.
A very structured environment with lots of checks and reporting requirements. Timing of programs are very tight so keeping all program objectives on track requires constant examination. Any deviation from this standard can create multiple issues downstream.
A typical day I would go threw the line to ensure there is proper stock and tools for all operators. I stated as an operator and was promoted to team leader after a year. I worked with management very closely to ensure that we were producing a quality product in the proper amount of time in a safe work place with all proper PPE. I was in charge of making any and all repair from my work zone and ensure that there made correctly. The hardest part of the job would be to maintain all repairs while keeping production running with no issues and making fast decisions. The most rewarding part of the job is knowing your delivering a quality product to customers.
Provided the training I needed to become one of the best Occupational Health Nurses in the industry.
Excellent work conditions with their environment and with staff. Nice combination of Skilled workers ; love to work for the place like it. Also did excellent work for the, Love it !
Support Daily meetings Steep learning curve from the start, Excel training Fun workplace
Ford is a good company to work with a good family culture. Need to look for your own growth.
Supervised team members who painted the F150 for Ford Motor Company. Supervised 40+ team members
Ford is a very old school bureaucratic organization that could use some innovative thought leaders to drive significant improvements in process and operations!
Greeting customers and build repport with a smile and letting all customers know I'm interested in working with them.
The owner of this company is my mentor, Reminded me why I initially got into the Automotive Industry. A good man, with good morals.
The reason I worked for this company for twenty three years, is because of the management team, and the great coworkers I had the honor of working with. Every day was a learning experience, and they were always willing to teach. Customer service was our number one priority. The one thing I enjoyed most was giving back, to my customers, and coworkers, and the hardest part was not meeting out quota on occasional months. I learned that behind every adversity is an opportunity.
- Conduct audit of all aspects of the business from safety, OSHA compliance, payroll, T&amp;E, A/P, HR, A/R, Financial Reporting, Legal, Customs, International Reporting, Manufacturing, Plant Operations, Scrap, and so forth. - Management would review the audit plan developed by the team lead which would rotate. The lead would delegate the assigned areas to the team member and ensure the audit stay on task. Then the lead would assemble the report into the draft for presentation as a group to the director. As a team it would be presented. Following any adjustments, if any, it would be presented to the audit committed and issued to the department and filed. The most enjoyable part would be the follow-up with the department in helping the to correct any issues or implement any process improvements that were noted and agreed upon that would save money or departmental time.
Get to work station, enough time shift set up, you have stock atea clean for safety. I have learn versilty and quick. I had work trim Wixom Mi plant . Plant had closed down, Then I have work tag relief on the chassis line, general on motor line. When i did my voluntary quite I was actually back at preddelivery.
Great role, taught me how to sale, learn customer management and how to develop my brand.
This company is very dynamic and provides a lot of information for starters. Politics and connections in this company could move you up. Rarely your hard work
- Very busy work - Basics of process control philosophy - Excellent management team - Exceptional co-workers - Lots of time on your feet - Excellent compensation
It's been an absolute pleasure in working and to be a part of Ford Motor Company. Folks are very helpful on the job. There is always much work load on the job, but I enjoyed in doing my job on daily basis.
I you couldn't look at a picture with alot of parts and put them together in your head with in a couple of seconds then you are not the one to work there. Its hard on your body and long hours and great pay and great benifits.  No stop surroundings
Fun place to work, co workers were fun to be around and work with. Very professional
8 Years of experience in design and development of multi-tier applications using in Java, J2EE/Struts, Spring, Tomcat, WebSphere, JDK, Java Script, JDBC and UNIX.
Torque the bolts to make sure they were correct. Check the built seats to make sure they had all their parts. Make sure every seat label correspond to the actual seat. I learned that the more education the faster you could advance. Sometimes management was not always on the same page with QC. The hardest part of the job was dealing with people who preformed poorly and was protected by the union. The most enjoyable part of the job was the freedom to do a good job. Also the paycheck. and benefits were excellent.
&amp;*&amp;!@#$%^&amp;*() not a very good place to work they treat you like %#%
This is a great company to learn from, but may not be a great place to have a career at.
Work was fantastic because we as employees worked together as a family involved and teaching each other how to be better than before, that was what life was about. Educational studies helped get "Certified Certification " and you could share that knowledge with your fellow salesmen and teach customers about Features, Advantages, and Benefits. "Sales was always climbing (Soaring upward) and moral ethics was high, plus we all worked creating sales and each Individual helped each other get better. Daily improvements always created a strong sales force. Thank you for all the company training, experience, and knowledge I benefited with.
I am honored to work in a factory Ford because it is the most luxurious manufacturing company in the world and deserve Symbol arrest
The Ford Motor Company is a great opportunity for a young person to start a career in the automotive business.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in requirements gathering, data modeling and designed Technical, Functional &amp; ETL Design documents. \xe2\x80\xa2 Wrote and implemented generic UNIX and FTP Scripts for various purposes like running workflows, archiving files, to execute SQL commands and procedures, move inbound/outbound files. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented BTEQ scripts to extract the data from various sources Oracle, XML files and load into oracle and Teradata using Teradata utilities like Mload, Tpump, and Fast Export. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and implemented slowly changing dimension mappings to maintain history. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used Teradata utility Fast Load for bulk loading and Tpump &amp; Mload utilities for loading less and larger volumes of data. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented ETL Balancing Process to compare and balance data directly from source and warehouse tables for reconciliation purposes. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and developed Staging and Error tables to identify and isolate duplicates and unusable data from source systems. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and executed test scripts to validate end-to-end business scenarios. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used session partitions, dynamic cache memory, and index cache to improve the performance of ETL jobs. \xe2\x80\xa2 Resolved complex technical and functional issues/bugs identified during implementation, testing and post production phases. \xe2\x80\xa2 Identified &amp; documented data integration issues and other data quality issues like duplicate data, non-conformed data, and unclean data. \xe2\x80\xa2 Assisted team members in functional and Integration testing. \xe2\x80\xa2 Automated and scheduled Workflows, UNIX scripts and other jobs for the daily, weekly, monthly data loads using Autosys Scheduler. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and developed BO Universe for standard reports. \xe2\x80\xa2 Created standard reports using Business Objects features like Combined Queries, Drill Down, Drill Up, Cross Tab, Master Detail etc.
Ford Motor Company is an excellent company to work for. The industry is as complicated as it gets, probably the most complicated industry there is. There are challenges on a daily basis, but there are systems in place to address them. On the other hand, the work environment is very ethical, professional and respectful. People is very smart and very willing to collaborate.
Enjoyed opportunity to self manage and work independently. The position of "accounting specialist" required travel through out the North and Southeast US. I enjoyed doing needs analysis in each of the auto dealerships and to customize the accounting software to meet the expectations of dealership management.
Great job, great company. Challenging prototype facility, a lot of of "hot" jobs to ensure product launch.
Open and secure building. Greet students and staff. I learned that you must be proactive. Southern location management was great. My co-workers were easy to work with and I took a leadership roll. Not having all the training that we needed it sometimes created mistakes and at times made if difficult with forms. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new students working on there English or GED students.
To create a state-of-the-art Japanese organization in logistics a new management team was recruited from outside of Ford Motor Company. Something was lost in the translation. Effectively managing both the Quality and Environmental certifications for the plant along with two projects @ $250,000 savings/project Six Sigma Black Belt improvement projects time management was key. Both certifications for the plant were eventually achieved but alas the BB certification was sacrificed with one project not completed prior to leaving for a start-up opportunity.
When I was at Ford Motor company. I had a very fun time there. I learned alot and it was my first time working in a Data Center. My managers were very, very helpful and to this day, I am still good friends with most of them as well as the VPs that report to the upper echelon of the company. The reason why I left the company was due to down sizing of the network team that I was on. Ford will always have a place in my heart because Ive seen almost everything there is to see on how to run a fortune 500 company and stay competitive in today's market.
Opportunity for learning new things and gaining insight through various training classes.
very good place to work just was not hired in as a fulltime worker due to over staffing at that location
A typical day at work is all work no play however it is a friendly environment with friendly and hard working people the hardest part of the job is getting the job done without any mistakes in a timely matter there is no room for mistakes the most enjoyable part about the job is that I enjoy doing the job and learned new skills everyday.
Ensure compliance with regulatory and company policies and procedures.How to Aid customers in locating merchandise.Management very knowledgeable of product and co-workers were very helpfull.The hardest part of the job was keeping up with all the new products and how each worked. The most enjoyable part was working with a diverse clientele.
There is a lot of knowledge to attain, and not always available to capture. A grind, 7 days 10-12 hours per day weekends included.
Body and Ferber and steel metal repair. And ( 34 year) experience in collision work. And. ( I-car) certificate of training.
Good place to work Tough work environment with great benefits
Great place to work for the duration of time I was there, professional and educational.
my trades that worked for me were well schooled and willing to go the distance on break downs as well as daily maintenance.
My typical day I work 4 days out of 7 days in a week. I mostly learn my position for my job. Management is good working with you and also the co-workers. The hardest thing about my job is waiting 5 years to get my full benefits. The most enjoyable thing I love about my job is I get 3 days off.
When sales are low, employees suffer. Job is only good if you are a tier 1 worker
did testing of cars , trucks and tractors .. made many friends and mover all over the company over the years
I worked in many manufacturing depts. I learned how to drive hi-lo, run the welder and crane operations. When your in the union management was looked at as the enemy, but I always felt they were people just trying to do there best. With 8000 people in the plant you will find all kinds of different personalities. Getting up at 3am for years and the extreme heat. I loved the wages and benefits for my family. I was bought out of my job, and every now and than I miss it.
I like doing what I love in development, project management and design for others.
Professional employees Enjoyable co-workers Fortune 500
I worked in several departments. The one I enjoyed most was the mail room. A typical day involved teamwork, many various tasks, some walking when delivering and picking up mail, some standing while operating machinery, some sitting. I learned that there was a lot more to working in the mail room than what a lot of people think.  I enjoyed both my supervisors and co-workers.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working as a team with people I liked. I can't think of the hardest part of this job because it was all enjoyable.
Good communication, position well-defined, always busy but never felt overloaded, co-workers all pleasant and easy to work with, management always had open-door policy
I learned and devloped the nessary skill to provide a well build and good quality Truck
great place to work! very strict, calm envoirment. long hours but a great place to learn discipline and career growth .
\xe2\x80\xa2 Managed day to day collection activities of 12 associates to help drive team performance goals \xe2\x80\xa2 Minimized charge-off and repossession losses using 10 unique customer service remedies. Executed the collection strategies that led to Manager of the Month award. \xe2\x80\xa2 Optimized productivity to exceed and maintain a low &gt;30 - &gt;45 day ratio \xe2\x80\xa2 Ensured compliance with company operating policies and procedures \xe2\x80\xa2 Reviewed collection metrics to implement process improvement ideas that would enhance operating efficiencies and customer satisfaction.
Odd shifts. Good pay and excellent benefits. You have a solid union to back you up of needed. You can be proud that you are contributing to the growth and the heart of THIS country.
great facility to work at....staff were engaged and work is somewhat demanding
With great culture. Opportunity can be limited due relatively slow movement on promotion.
Huge company, lots of areas to move around. Good benefits and pay
Great place to work with excellent pay and and offering benefits.
I learned that assembly production was not for me. Management was only concern about production there was no initiative for job work and life balance.
Ford works on meeting a timing basis and day to day my task is dependent on meeting the timing at hand. The automobile industry has many milestones that need to be met per program (vehicle line), from program start, to prototype builds and up to mass production. It is very busy at work as everyday a new assignment is expected of me, a task I signed up for from the get go. The amount of experience I have gain, and still am gaining, is phenomenal. After work, I enjoy going home and not having to worry about it until the very next day. My co-workers are supportive and have many common traits that makes us more than just co-workers.
The easiest job you'll ever have it's not much to it you're just driving cars to different destinations in a safe and calm matter. Most employees are easy to work with and it's good management as well
Review the prior crews preformance during our start up cross shift communication morning meeting. Management will inform me of any other issues or "hot parts" for the day. I will do a morning walk thru to seee that everyone is present and see if there are any needs I can assist with. Then monitor, assist, and sign off of part quality thru-out the day. The hardest part of the job is being away from my 3 boys. The thing I most enjoy about the job is learning new ideas or ways to make the department run better and helping my team.
I ENJOY THE ENVIRONMENT OF THE WORKPLACE. THE TEAM MEMBER MAKE IT FEEL COMFORTABLE AS WELL
GREAT COMPANY TO WORK ***************************************************
Constantly moving Gained a more broad understanding of the general make up of vehicles Co workers were easy to work amongst Hardest part of the job was winding down at the end of shift The most enjoyable part of the job was to maintaining a good productivity rate and aiming for higher the next day.
Very good atmosphere for developing skills. Working with the teams and presenting to prospective employers.
Finance personnel rotate through different areas of the business such as Marketing and Sales, Manufacturing, Product Development, Profit Reporting, erc.
Great pay, tuition assistance. Plenty of overtime. Great Union Job.
It is good place to work and learn more and grow, We can balance both personal and work.
Ford Motor Credit Company is a great company to work for. They value their employees and offer many worklife balance solutions.
Not a company that has a culture where the transfer of technological information is freely exchanged. If you do not have the technological knowledge of robotics and car making already do not apply to this company. They do offer some courses, but the senior employees have the first option to take these courses first, even if they have already taken the course, leaving no open slots for new employees to gain new knowledge. The senior employees do not freely exchange technological knowhow (self preservation is the motto at Ford Motor Company.)
Ford is wonderful to work for, and is truly doing an excellent job as a leader in the automotive industry.  Being a contract employee makes you essentially invisible - no real opportunity for advancement, or ability to avail yourself of the various systems within Ford for advancement and career development.
I enjoy working with the customers and being able to interact with my employees and help them fix problems they are having trouble solving.
Not enough opportunity to grow here. The training was not strong enough to make sure I was learning my job fully.
Ford has a very interesting way of training new employees and its strong union presence and cut-throat management teams can be difficult to work with.
Pay needs to be the same. Older workers making $30 hour and newer workers making $15.78. That is not fair.
working as a production worker at Ford Motor Company can be physically strenuous and mentally exhausting. However, if you can tolerate repetition and a reasonable pace then you have job security. There is room for growth on the plant floor; team lead, inspector, hilo driver. I have learned to read and process information quickly, I have also learned the importance of working in and maintaining a safe environment. I have learned to be detail oriented and the impact of team work.
This was a very exciting job to be a supervior at. There were lots of trianing opportunities as far as you would like to take yourself. I was trained in confined space rescue and SCBA to sensitivity and diversity trianing. This was a super company to be a part of.
A typical day involved assembly work. Skills learned included flexibility and time management. Leadership was inconsistent, but the diverse co-workers made the work go by quickly. The repetitive movements was hard on the body. The benefits and environment made everything worthwhile.
I would do the time sheet based on the hourly employee's start time. The job rate was 78 jobs per hour, which had to be maintained, so that the flow of operations to other zones would not be hampered. My supervisor was very knowledgable about the day to day performance of an Assembly Line and provided feedback on my job performance. I had a good worj=king relationship with my co-workers, learning how to be a team member and an asset to the job. Maintaining the correct employee number to facilitate the operation of all the job stations, with as few errors, as possible by the employees I would borrow from other zones.
TYPICAL DAY- Once you know what they want you to do, you make your own agenda, on how it\xe2\x80\x99s done.  MANAGEMENT- Needs some work some people in management lack communication, team work, and leadership skills which might make your job difficult depending on what department you\xe2\x80\x99re in; however they are working on communication by creating store wide meetings.  CO-WORKERS- They are co-workers and nothing more, just ask for information if you really must.  THE HARDEST PART- The customers are improperly spoken to; or given bad information. They are rude and because we over promise and always under complete our promises.  MOST ENJOYABLE- There are very few people that sincerely care about the industry and the business; they are the pleasure to be around! They offer training for many positions, and you learn something new every day.
Great place to work with great pay but no room for advancement once into a position and you do it well.
Innovative, fair company Work involves knowledge of a number of disciplines that interface with medical. Production is the bottom line but support staff are expected to know about the product. Their IT services are excellent and their implementation of new programs is one of the most enjoyable aspects of my work there
Im a hard work get along with other well.Enjoy working on cars.
Fun and exciting place to work..Responds to telephone calls, emails, and personnel requests for technical support.
Ford is a prestigous company to work for. Ford gave me my first job out of college and I was very happy. It will be nice to work for Ford again.
great working knowledge of Ford Motor Vehicles, Learned a lot of Assembly Line Knowledge
There is no set typical work day with Ford. Some days i'm on the road traveling to Ford dealerships or Ford Authorized parts Dealers (FADs) or I'm in the office doing research and working on whatever work assignment I have at the moment. I've learned to adapt on the fly at this job because I come across many different people in the field and I also learned how to handle the many different personalities I meet. My co-workers are awesome and very helpful. The hardest part of the job I would say is the many days that we have to travel on the road and the distances I may have to travel at times. the most enjoyable part of the job is the traveling and getting out and seeing Texas.
Great job with good benefits and pay Met a lot of good people Everyone worked together to assure a great product
Gained a great experience from being in multiple rotations.
I worked as a customer service rep for the Speed Control Recall. I took calls to assist customers with questions, providing information and would assist in making appointments for service with a Varity of Ford dealerships across the country. I worked in a team environment so if I need help either my fellow team members or team manager would assist me. I enjoyed talking to people and helping them with the process of taking care of the vehicle. It was a great experience and when the recall project came to an end I was offered a full time position with Percepta based on my work ability and work reviews which I scored 78% or higher on each. Theses reviews were conducted once a week.
I enjoyed my time there. Challenging at times, but I learned allot working for a great manager
I loved my job, outsourcing happened and I cannot say I blame them, many men and women milked the clock.
install brake lines on cars for 10 to 12 hours on my feet. learn a lot from the people who had been there 20years
Great pay, good work environment. Two weeks off in the summer time, great for planning vacations.
Meetings...meetings...meetings! Controlling and minimizing "things gone wrong", testing corrective actions and collaborating with others to perfect the process. I learned that "iron sharpens iron" and that if you do not embrace change, you will fail. I also learned that adversity strengthens resolve and empowers you to come out of difficulties as a better leader. My superiors at Ford were on one hand caught up in performance metrics but they excelled at being good mentors and coaches. They knew how to maximize my potential. I became a very good administrator; a very good analyst at reading into detail. My co-workers were all about team. We shared all of our collective knowledge. We grew together and its legacy lasts today in the friendships we share in retirement. The hardest part of my job at Ford was implementing change through technology. To makes things work within the systems schema we had to work with at the time. The most enjoyable part of my work at Ford was the pride and joy in knowing that I had a small hand in the turnaround at Ford Motor Company.
Ford employees are able to engage in a variety of tasks and gain as much experience as they are open to in an environment that encourages growth and offers opportunity.  This is a very fast-paced work environment where most employees are working on a multitude of projects all at once. This is great for learning and developing new skills quickly, but not the best for those seeking regular down-time and reliable work/life balance.  The majority of managers and leadership within this company are completely aligned with the One Ford plan that involves teamwork and always going further to better your team/project/environment, etc...  A number of Ford employees are not employed by Ford directly, rather they are agency employees. These employees have a tendency to feel less-valuable than those working for Ford directly.  The hardest part of the job is keeping up with the pace and cadence of the machine that is Ford Motor Company, but this also is the most enjoyable aspect because there is a sense of pride when working for a Fortune 10 company with such a rich history.
Build parts for transmissions in busy manufacturing environment and assembly line production. This was a Union position and I learned a great deal about the pros/cons of Unions as well as the history of Unions in the U.S. Mandatory overtime and working many hours, though well-compensated, was the hardest part of the job. I enjoyed the structure and having production goals, being a team leader, and working to solve problems with the engineering teams.
Launching a product on a different continent from the lead engineering office can be difficult. With only 3 hours of workday available for correspondence, communication relying heavily on CAD and voice communication, and long lead times for prototype and tool shipments, the position of a 'single point of contact' on-site integration engineer has its challenges. But having knowledgeable colleagues who together in a healthy, cross-functional manner, and the feeling of seeing the first unit of a new model rolling off End-of-Line makes it all worth it.
great job but no advancement get to learn new skills great hours and people to work with
Worked at for 12 years. Plant closed in 2008. Learned a lot about mechanical maintenance and assembly line work.
Took on a large regional area but loved the job working with Ford dealerships helping them dig deeper on poor credit buyers
Working with Ford Motor Company was a great experience overall .
Learn a lot from the perfected production system at Ford. Even though there is a lot more to do to improve, but the current production system is the best way to learn for an Industrial Engineer.
A great place to learn many different skill sets. With a myriad of opportunities, Ford offered a structured organization in which to thrive and grow. Management was constantly growing and learning from the past, and strived for excellence. Co-workers were mostly good hearted, hard working people who loved their families and their job. Hardest part for me was working conditions at night, I had to bring a can of OFF to fight the mosquitoes. Best part was the opportunities for advancement and the benefits!!!
enjoyed the time i spent working for ford. moved on to the career of my dreams.
Ford is amazing to work for! I wish that I had truly appreciated all that I was shown when I was there. Ford may be old school on things but they truly hold their value for their employees.
my operators in my zone (trim department) , u can't ask for a better group then them
An innovative, quality-driven automotive manufacturer.
Leadership Team work Challening Hard work Critical thinking Inspection
I enjoyed thoroughly working here since we had a lots of scope for understanding and learning the business aspect so that we deliver the efficient code.
FORD Motor Compnay is always a great place to work. Management promotes an open door policy, provides any required training (no questions asked) and promotes within.
I come in for work and the culture is typical. There should be some improvements but the feedback employees give to the company are ignored. Management is not consistent with quality and safety for employees. I wish for changes and tried to make a difference but the culture and the attitude of managers are content. Work station analysis should be addressed to allow assembly workers to be more productive.
Inbound calls for customer service, credit re-analysis, light collections, update accounts, issue resolutions, special projects.
Huge company and they treat their employees very well. Some employees work in cubes while others work mainly in conference rooms (depending on team/individual assignment). Communication is key here since the company is so large and has a huge base of employees.
I cannot express the educational and work experience opportunities offered at Ford over my 23 years. It is truly a world class company.
A great company with family values. Lots of opportunity for growth and travel
Monday to Friday job with 3 shifts. Union Based Salary worker. Union Seniority for Management. Opportunity for career and educational development.
Drove tractors Poured cement Broke concrete Used air compressor on a daily basis Very detail cleaning Saftey was mandatory Sandblasting
Highly subject to prioritizing deliverable s, managing production-to-Service part release for Dealer/Customer/Supplier timing per Vehicle Production in stock.
Very productive, team player and enjoys challenges. Global Security Analyst for several applications. Global Data Management Analyst. Assist in developing automation of global form. Lead tester on new applications and enhancements.
This job is a laborer job with lots of hours. Very enjoyable with the people you work with. Exciting at times and hard at times as well. What makes this hard at times are the hours.
Same thing every 60 seconds. Good pay for boring work. If you can deal with it it's great.
This would have been a perfect place to work if you don't mind being bullied. They want you to be happy and grateful for working there and anyone who has just started better go with the flow. The coworkers a very rude especially to new employees and once you defend yourself that's the end of that your fired.lol
Long days assembling trucks yearning for some relief. Just a normal factory where everyone wishes they were not there. The most enjoyable part of the day is leaving.
Managed 3 branches of the dealerships in all aspects of the parts division. Assisted with the maintenance and repairs with all fleet in the field. Created and designed a live parts fill process on repair and wholesale orders. Managed budget of one half of a million dollars of parts inventory with an average turn of 4.8 turns. Managed a crew of 14 employees. Strong prioritizing and computer skills. Team player.
learn to sales cars,had some benefits, rewards for good car sales
Good pay and benefits, Lots of perks, Health plan, employee 401K Company match, Tons of discounts with local businesses, Employee auto discount purchase plan, also for extended family. Paid holidays Vacations, Bereavement and much more.  Typical day consisted of checking in employee's Review work schedule, Reviewing inventory shortages, Planning next day and weeks production. Visiting with key production operators, Attend daily production meetings. Review inventory concerns.Meet with employee's with issues, and Union rep. as needed. Coach and counsel subordinates as needed. Meet with in-plant vendors and customers to identify production concerns and inventory shortages. Input employee's time and check out employee's. Visit with Manager on the way out of the plant to go over the production for the day and the plan for the next day.
You can learn lots of FEA experience here. Ford provide good FEA environment.
I work with a crew that works days from 6am till 5pm Friday and Saturday then 6pm till 5am Sunday and Monday in a factory with no windows. we all work together to make the day go fun and easy and not seem so long along with the management to love the day and night. I love it when we all get going and laugh and can still manage to get the job done with no problems. The hardest part of the job is when we have no cars to build and the day just drags on.
A typical day was to go in and to work on the transmission assembly line, quality control, team leader, tear downs and just a busy day getting what my team needed to make sure the line kept moving.
I enjoyed working with the elderly , helping them do stuff they couldn't do for themselves made me feel very proud of myself .
Ford Motor Company was an amazing place to work. Management empowered their employees.
I don't believe you receive proper training to complete the job they are requiring of their employees. They will and have changed people's schedules without notice and I do not think that's fair. The hardest part about the job would not being able to find a member of management when you have a customer/client waiting.
Union reps never have the answer to any question you have. your body aches all the time. if you work there long enough you end up getting some type of surgery. Its like a big highschool
\xef\x83\x98 Provided call center support with technical satellite communications to ford Lincoln Mercury Dealers throughout the United States, Canada and Ford corporate sites
Great and enjoyed working here. Great and enjoyed working here.
Daily thing at wok is to make sure that manpower is there for production run. Everyday you learn something new and thats why its interesting. Some days can be overall changeable and sometimes its nice and smooth.
Too many issues working with Developers .. no Goals or target set and keep switching projects many times.
Hard work, working from the time you walk in, repetitious work a lot of micro management hardest part of the job is dealing with how the upper management doesn't know how to talk or make it comfortable to do your job
very good dependable job excellent pay and bennifits union
Ford Motor Company is a great place to work and grow your personal and business skills.
A typical day at Ford Motor Company is doing repetitive motions on a minute to minute basis for 10 hours. I learned to provide accurate and safe production and material handling skills in a fast paced work environment. We work as a team to safely and accurately build a safe and efficient product. The hardest part of the job is juggling personal life and work life. The most important part of the job that i enjoy is I am busy for the full shift.
Large company, experience will vary depending on your role.  Decent working hours and good products
Great company to work for. Great work environment. Great Benefits
You dealt with a lot of customers and learning the procedure for repo automobiles.
Great pay and benefits, To many layoffs, and no room for advancement.
Good company with work life balance. Low pay scales. 9-10 hours day schedule with 5 hours meetings Opportunity to speak at all levels sometimes hot assignment from senior management are tough to address Opportunity to train in different areas of technology and business
Fantastic employer who has the best employee development program I've seen. Very committed to growth and internal promotion.
My work day involves installing parts of cars for 10 hours a day, 4 days a week
get to work wait for forman to come to shop to give me and partner our jobs for the morning it was usually two or three little jobs we could do between calls we would get to fix something on the production line. we would spend the morning cutting welding or looking for something that we would have to install at lunch time when the production line was down so we would not lose any production, after lunch was a little slower and we just covered break downs for production. weekends was when we did our preventive maintenance and safety checks also this is when we replaced equipment that broke down during the last weeks production that we could not get to because of safety or time constraints the hardest part of this job was dealing with management usually when thing go wrong and they want production and they throw safety out the window to get their line running. this is where i have had problems with management and it made my job hard. the best part of my job was going home in one piece knowing that i did my best to help the company i worked for be profitable at the end of the day
Secure company and continuous work. This requires a lot of manual dexterity. Management opportunity are based on seniority. Benefits are offered thru bonuses.
Worked on assembly line assembling rack and pinion for fords and mercurys. I learned a great deal on this job. How to assemble parts for cars, quality control, test parts to see if they reach quality standards. Co-workers were easy to get along with. No hard parts about the job. Enjoyed working at Ford Motor Company. Indianapolis plant closed.
I went to Ford as a young officer just out of the Army. They taught me the difference between Army leadership and union/company relationships. They treated me very well and they are still a great American company.
Every day was different and presented unique challenges to overcome. I learned a great deal about managing supervisors as well as union represented employees. Like most companies, top management was a mixed bag. Most executives are among the brightest in the industry, but there are a few who are not.
The work on the line was not easy. However the environment was great. The hard work was the reason why I took the buy out. I saw it as an opportunity to return to school and earn my degrees. On the way I also earned management skills. I miss my co-workers but do not miss the hard work.
Learned a lot about product development processes. Co-workers worked as a team and mostly committed to completing assignemnts on time. Hardest part of the job was keeping up with the request for changes to the user applications being developed. The most enjoyable was sense of accomplishment when projects deliverables were completed.
Team worker, very dependable! Even though you're ahead on your performance, supervisors folow you around contantly
My coworkers make coming to work a pleasure! I look forward to the day when I am placed in skilled trades and can began using the knowledge I have learned over my career.
I really enjoy waking up each morning and going to this job. I always wanted to be a mechanic and now I get to do it during the day.
At Ford, there are a lot of opportunities to grow. There is a school onsite for the employees to develope themselves. Its a place you go to work and do what you are supposed to do and nobody bugs you. When get trained on a job and you like, you can sign up to do that job and stay on it as long as you wish.
Ever changing work environment. Process oriented and policy based. Micro management.
Maintained a safe and clean work environment by educating and directing personnel on the use of all equipment, and resources; maintaining compliance with established policies and procedures. Maintained a working relationship with the union by following the terms of the collective bargaining agreement. Effectively resolved personnel problems by analyzing data; investigating issues; identifying solutions; and recommending action.
No comment on this company, would not go back. Needs new management
overall good company to work for. helping with customer concerns,lots of phone calls and working with technicians in the main shop
A great company to work for! Great pay and benefits. Decent managers and advancement opportunities!
I received prints from supervisor and then took the necessary steps to produce the parts.
Work was easy, and organized. Management made sure you had what you ended to do your job. Coworkers were team players ,and always looked out for one another. The hardest part of the job was when we lost those we worked with. I loved everything about the atmosphere.
A typical day was balancing general ledgers, scheduling audist for dealers with at 500 - 1000 vehicles. Bank deposits, daily reports and overall clearing "out of balances" from previous day. Enjoyed the co workers. Hardest part of the job, was leaving. The Branch I worked for relocated from Jacksonville to Tampa Fl. I enjoyed all of the job!
It is a great experience to work at Ford Motor Company. The entrepreneur spirit is alive and well. The interesting part is to understand the vehicle development from planning, design, development, and manufacturing.
assembly line worker very detailed and organized, great place to work. Management was resourceful with employee needs enjoyed the overtime and appreciation of employees. The hardest part was trying to assemble a part with the wrong pieces.
Technician Assembly Machining Team Leader Manufactoring
Ford Motor Company has a good compensation plan, great benefits and discount packages for employees, family, friends and retirees
Fast paced and very busy. Learned a lot about Ford Motor Company and its affiliates. Management was weak. Great employees but did not stay long. Excessive employee turnover. Difficult to work with supervisor. Not a people person.
As a supervisor your day started with a walk through of the department looking for concerns in Safety, tooling and stock. the next step was a check-in for employees and may also include a brief announcement to the employees. Make manpower adjustment where needed. fill payroll out and order equipment for the personal (gloves, glasses etc.), update SQDMC board, monitor quality and production numbers. Perform job analysis on operations that were having issues with quality or performance. Train employees on the 5s system. work on process flow and job layout looking improve all areas of the operators work station. Hansle any breakdowns and make adjustment where needed to avoid them in future.
It is always good to work for Ford and gain in deep technical experience while knowing new people.
A typical day at work was answering the phones, calling customers making appointments and genarating sales leads. I learned how to enhance my customer service skills and use microsoft word and excel. Management weren't as professional as some of them were suppose to be, but my co-workers and I still did our jobs and remained professional. I felt like the job was pretty easy as long as you followed directions and stayed on top of your work. I enjoyed going to work every day and working on the computers and telephones.
I have heard a lot has changed since I left Ford, but for me it was a good job. You had very high sales demands and a lot of time on the road by yourself.
I enjoyed the study and summarization of cases at Ford Motor Credit Company, than discussing the legal merits and settlement authority.
I would just come in everyday and work on my project. Had meetings cross functionally to get data for my project. Management and intern organization was not well thought out. Co-workers in my group were extremely helpful and fun to work with. Always available and welcoming. Other people in other departments were difficult to work with, which taught me to be persistent and be tougher to get the data I needed.
assist customers with car loans and making sure payments were made on time and if not, assist with arrangements.
I would like to discuss this information with a face to face interview.
I worked at Ford Motor company for 11 years as consultant and liked working for Company. It is one of the great place to work at.
I should have stayed there it was like I was doing something important.
Relatively solid work/life balance, with occasional long days to support urgent requests from senior management.  A lot of collaboration with other functions, and plenty of projects requiring team work and coordination.  The hardest part of the job is gaining alignment across functions (e.g. purchasing, engineering, marketing, finance) to develop a sound business case.
Traveled the entire southeast area in Georgia auditing dealerships. Was the best company I've worked for in my adult life.
I love interacting with new and existing customers everyday. It's very rewarding being able to build trust and gain lifetime customers and friends.
Did package design studies for advanced model programs. Present design reviews to upper management.
Very female friendly in IT and they do encourage workers to train and grow in their fields.
When I worked at Ford from 1997-2002, I experienced some of its greatest highs and also its lows. If you love cars this is a great place to work and I always felt Ford was trying to improve itself and progress in terms of quality, design, efficiency.  I applaud the company for not taking bailouts and not declaring bankruptcy, although who knows what will happen in the next 50 years. Definitely, Ford is on the rebound and their cars today are excellent compared to any competitive set.
I have learned a lot from this company. They have very good environment and nice employees.
The best part was building good quality cars for the customer.
every day was a chanllenge i always wanted to learn more and be the best i could to further my career
Ford Is a great company to work for. Days consist of solving technical problems in the CAE world.
I managed 3 lines and in charge of ordering supples I worked with a group of people Co-workers were nice and we all got along well. Probably the temperature was very hot in summer and cold in winter. Being in charge of a group and leading them
I learn new things.Managment is little bit strict in rules. And co-worker are so helpful.
This company is what has inspired me to stay and grow in the healthcare field. I was promoted within 3months of employment and I was giving the opportunity to show and prove my real collections, billing, and project management skills. Great place overall.
A day at work included the majority of warranty work and my pay check reflected it.
Have worked for Ford for over 16 yrs..Enjoyed the people and all of the different job opportunities that I was given thru the years.. benefits are great.. medical, dental, 401k, life Ins.. I would recommend working for Ford to anyone.
The best company I ever worked for,right up to the day they bought us out...The DTE took over our duties and hired a few of us to maintain the complex
Intense customer service with inbound and outbound calls and resolving many different customer issues. Learned how to think analytically to resolve complex problems. Management for the most part encouraged individuality and streamlining of processes. Co-workers were very diverse and we learned to work with each other. Learning new jobs in the different areas was the hardest but also the most challenging and fulfilling. The most enjoyable part was the ability to help the customers either internal or external.
THE ASSEMBLY LINE WAS AN EXPERIENCE I WILL NEVER FORGET I MET NEW FRIENDS EVERYDAY OF MY LIFE AND MADE LIFE LONG FRIENDS. ENJOYED BUILDING VEHICLES.
I work with overseas markets making sure they have the appropriate vehicle options for their markets. Review vehicle line requirements for certain markets. Make sure yearly volume is correct for each market. Work with pricing.
Supervised large numbers of union employees in a fast paced environment where safety, quality and production were the keys to success. Quickly rose up through the ranks and was classified as a "high po" employee which meant High Potential.  Set quality and production records in each department I managed. Resigned to start my own companies.
I supervised union skilled trades employees. Hardest part of job was dealing with lines of demarcation. Mainly maintaining equipment and dealing with diesets and production requirements. Hardest part of job may have been dealing with upper management, but no biggie.
My experience at Ford Motor Co. was most likely the best job experience that I have ever had. There was no typical day of work with that company because there was always someone not showing up, so we would get moved around alot to different departments, which was fine in my book.
working on the line...reviewing parts as they past along the line
FORD Motor Compnay is always a great place to work. Management promotes an open door policy, provides any required training (no questions asked) and promotes within.
The most interesting and challenging position in the company. Every day required the review of new concern data then the integration of that data with the current statistics to indicate changes in the trends of the product line. Even more interesting was the traveling required to visit both dealers and assembly plants to confirm and initiate product concens which further required publication of product concern publications. When time would allow between meetings, I reviewed product designs,changes and serviceability. This position was very demanding yet completly rewarding.
Ford has been my Home for almost 20 years, and I am very proud to be a part of the workforce. I cannot think of a better place to work and grow.
Great place to work, amazing people, they were always right there when they needed you
Dirty job at and truck assembly plant. I was young and dumb, in way over my head. Learned how a union worked and how to be politically correct.
on time everyday, check email throughout the day and complete data entry upon the provided parts for the day
\xe2\x97\x8fWorking as a temporary part time worker on both assembly and press side in a part stamping plant. \xe2\x97\x8fTrained in various safety techniques, including lock-out training. \xe2\x97\x8fGained manufacturing experience and experience outside of an educational setting.
A typical day at work would be fast paced. I learned a lot about the production process and management was fare and reasonable. I got along with most co-workers and the hardest part about the job was working in the extreme heat. The most enjoyable part of the job was just being on the job and watching the process and knowing your doing a job well done.
Working on a multicultural environment that pursue the excellence on daily basis
Hired by way of talent management conference. Do not feel skills were aligned properly with position.
Learned a lot about automated machinery and assembly of manufacturing. I made a lot of friends over the many years I worked there. Good salary and good job.
I installed braketube onto cars on an assembly line on order depending on the company orders
A challenging position that is ever changing. Solving an array of issues dealing with workforce, meeting safety/quality standards and logistics.
I have always wanted to work for Fords, All my family worked for Fords, It was a good place to work sometimes,and I got a chance to see how cars were made. I met alot of good people of all races and to me that was really good,because I am a people person. Plus I learn a lot from the job and the people I met,it help me to become a better person in many ways.
* All days are diferenrtes many variables to control. * Learn to handle many personalities direct reports and co workers. * Great team work with my co workers. * Hardes part of my job is handle with union. * The best of my job I have over 100 direct reports and they are differents personalities and every day I learn new stuff from they. I handled them like my kids.
In general a fun place but dangerous jobs. Over all a great place to work
A typical day at Ford was to go in, run a machine, gage the parts, make adjustments as needed and inform the supervisor of any issues. I learned how blocks and heads are made for engines, how to change taps and how to use gage's. My co-workers &amp; I got a long very well, we would always help the other one out if their machine went down. The hardest part of the job was crawling into the machine with all the slime and the plant did not have climate control so it was over 100 degrees in the summer. The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to not have to worry about making a mistake when building the part because the machine did it &amp; if you checked it correctly, you would catch any problem right away.
Good company, but very slow. Not interested in getting ahead just maintaining the status quo. You could work here 30 years and literally never accomplish anything.
WISH THEY HAD NEVER CLOSED THE NORFOLK PLANT I WOULD STILL BE THERE
I started in ford in 2000, and you have the oppertunity too learn any jab they have and advance at your own pace, was a good place to work. too bad they clossed down the saint paul branch
Worked on the lines, Was safety line leader, great job great money
Nice work place with good compensation Hard labor skills Strict Management Friendly and nice co-workers Hardest thing was getting there everyday Compensation
Great place if working in the office environment. However, working in the plant on the assembly line is not what I was looking for as a long term career.
pay and benefits were great but you work hard for the money. Hours are very different and work is very tedious
Working at one of the Big # automotive plant has been known to be the ideal job in the Midwest. Due to the wonderful compensation and benefits. and it is just that. Co-workers become family management can become power hungry
The company open up so many opportunities for me throughout my career
A repeated process of abilities to put together parts. Parts would have to be together in a short time. I trained other co-workers to do this job. Keeping up with the line is not a easy task. Working with different people every day will make the time go by fast. You will learn that you make friends just from conversation everyday.
Great Pay, repetetive work. Ford looks out for their employees. I wish they would have stayed in St. Louis.
The pay was good, but not worth the stress. When Ford downsized 25% of their employees worldwide in 2010, I was relieved that I was included in the 25%.
when I was working here I took to apprentship test I passed the test but due to the high number only people with 12 pluse years got the chance.
Great organization to work for. Room for advancement, union, and great medical benefits.
Typical manufacturing job, working 10 hour shifts were I build sub-assemblies in the Body shop. Union brothers and sisters are all easy to get along with.
Enjoyed all the challenges that came with work assignments that varied.
work on an assembly line, hard work long days. Union rep. not very good at the time .
I love to meet new people and help them get what they want and make them happy. If you help them get what they want, you will get what you want. The hardest part of the job is investing a great portion of your time in a customer only to find out that they can"t buy for credit reasons etc.
I love there cars and the whole history about the company. Mercury and Edsel are companies under Ford of which I admire. There is nothing like fixing an old broken car and putting the pedal to the metal on the freeway. Its definitely instant gratification.
Great Company to work for with great opportunities for advancement. However, I desired to care for individuals in the Social work capacity.
Great workforce - TEAM - won the J.D. Powers Platinum Award - proud to say that I retired from the Atlanta Assembly Plant
Responsible for all repairs in zone,maintained all safety standards, Delta and OSHA. Repaired body, paint, chassis, concerns.
I specialized in Automotive related testing. Began my career testing experimental emission vehicles, moved on to the instrument lab where I designed and fabricated instrumentation for experimental testing. Moving on to testing experimental engines on a engine dynamometer and lastly, acoustic testing of experimental rotating electrical parts, as in alternators and wiper motors to name a few. I was on salary with plenty of overtime and the pay was great. I liked my co-workers and management.
A typical day at work was to check attendance and turn in to manager. This included if they were out sick or attending a meeting, or out on travel.,etc.  Also make travel arrangements, make sure all changes were correct. Pick up and distribute mail to buyers. Set up meetings. Make charts on Excel. I would assist buyers in their work if they needed help.  Management, for the most part was very understanding, considerate and knowledgeable and solved most problems.  My co-workers was like family. We all looked out for one another and helped each other when was overloaded with work.  I cannot say what the hardest part of the job. It was not really hard to do.  The most enjoyable part was when we would all get together and go on golf outings, movies and luncheons.
I really loved working here until they closed the plant. Everything was top notch in this facility. The management was great. My co-workers were fun to work with. I programmed a large Maestro &amp; Oryzo Brown and Sharpe CMM's. I worked directly with the engineers on troubleshooting all over the manufacturing plant. Being a Tool and Die Maker was a requirement to work in quality control.
Started in a Management training program which accepted 6 people annually.Trainees worked in foundry, on assembly lines, drove fork lift trucks, tour guides inventory counters etc. Great training but few opportunities of choice at end of training period. Inasmuch as Purchasing was deemed as no-mans land for the faint hearted, I was in my element and was able to climb quickly up the ranks.
Ford Motor Company is the strongest company in automotive industry in North America. The ambiance during a regular work day is great, makes you feel like a part of one real team. The difficult part is the uneven workload in different areas.
\xe2\x97\x8f Unpacking and sorting parts \xe2\x97\x8f Installing seatbelts \xe2\x97\x8f Use drills to tighten bolts and to secure seatbelt
Ford offers diverse assignments that maximize your talents.
very interesting to work in the auto industry as many different duties that keep you multi-fasceted
Great place to work! Leadership empower their supervisor to lead their team with little intervention
I was able to learn a lot while there, I learned how to read blue prints and to follow sop's. I was able to bid on a machine operating position using grinder punch press machine and received bid so it allowed me to learn how to be a good machine operator. They had annual reviews where you can receive raises which was nice.
Excellent Job, better benefits For only needing a high school education, one of the best general labor jobs there is
Enjoyed my many years at Ford, wouldn't have left the company if the travelling for overnight audits had not increased.
I assembled the Ford Explorer and at the time, Sport Trac. I placed the speakers in the doors. I worked about 10-10 1/2 hours a night which I didn't like. I ended up taking the buyout because I knew I would never make it to dayshift. The pay was very good but it takes a toll on your body. I never had a problem with any supervisor or co-worker there. The hardest part of the job was being on night shift. I hardly ever saw my family, which is a huge part of me.
managed day to day operations of all movement of materials.
I joined Ford as a FCG - Ford College Graduate program. This allowed me to work within corporate and plant facilities for over 3 years. The most enjoyable part of working with Ford was opportunities for different jobs within a large company.
Didn't really get a chance to explore the option since I was there a short time.
There is work to get done everyday There is a bit of business in management Tea time is in the afternoon Multiple diversified experiences are encouraged Research is a key component
A typical day at work is helping tech across the U.S diagnose ford trucks via email and the telephone that they cannot complete on their own. If we cannot help them a FSE will go to the dealer and assist them. If the FSE cannot assist them the vehicle is bought back from Ford Motor Company.
A typical day is busy. Learned a lot from coworkers and management. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with smart coworkers and excellent training opportunities.
great benefits/pay and vacations with a union and opportunity for advancement
Working for Rick Ridings ford dealership was hard work that was under appreciated. Management didn't do a good job of making sure the work load was equally distributed to all the technicians in the shop. My co-workers of equal ranking to me is what helped me get through my days working there. Some days I would work several good jobs and other days I would have nothing to work on. I was not paid as an hourly employee, I was paid commission based on the job. So even when I was working 40 plus hours a week sometimes I would only get paid for 28 of them. When I gave my two weeks notice the boss would not even shake my hand on the last day of work. He didn't care about his employees.
great place to work easy job management great possible advancement co workers great
Ford Motor Company was a great company to work for as a new hire with no experience. My assignment was a short term contract, but I enjoyed both my colleagues and managers.
Ford was a good paying job with employer paid benefits. I was able to get into the trades (18 years mechanic) before plant closed because of the economy. Some people think UAW autoworkers are overpaid, and I was one of them until I worked the line. Working 8 to 10 hours of doing the same thing for 500+ times can really be mind numbing. This type of work isn't for everyone and takes a certain mindset to do it. I became a utility so I could move around and break up the monotony some and had fun doing it. Plant closed within 1 year of announcement of closure. Didn't like the way Norfolk assembly told local news outlet before telling employees about the closing. I found out on the local newscast after working night shift. In my opinion that's low and that's Ford. Ford may have not taking any bailout money this time but they have taken money from the government in the past so don't be fooled. Ford gambled and it worked out for them. I didn't want to take a chance and go to Detroit with my family the way the economy was going and get stuck there so I took the buyout. My philosophy was we survived before Ford and we will survive after Ford. I feel sorry for all the people that get jobs with Ford now at 2nd tier wages. Doing the same job as a 1st tier worker but getting about half the pay and poor benefits is really bad. People do yourself a favor and get an in demand trade or education. Don't let Ford fool you it's basically quantity not quality in the long run. I've seen it first hand. Business is about numbers and hey if we can get some quality also even better.
Great Company - In my experience the Ford Family Influence on the Company was Responsible and Respectful
On your feet all day, working the line, adding parts to the heating and cooling units, then pushing them down the line for the next one..
Ford was a great place to work. lots of people we were like family. I learned respect for others as well as equiptment. Management was good as long as you were doing your job, the hardest part was being away from my son and family especially on holidays, I enjoyed learning a Trade and being busy so time would pass and also the money and great benefits.
Worked day in and day out on production line. Work wasn't difficult but could be monotonous.
Lots of development work and opportunities to work on all aspects of Automotive Project development
Use to be fun place to work before, for last 5-6 years the things have change
Very hands-off management style that allowed your creativity and initiative to show on the job. Given many international work assignments were videoconferencing sessions became an ordinary work practice. Utilized a great deal of negotiation in the position with suppliers.
i worked on assembly line putting on rear brakes to axles 10 to 12 hours a day standing
Excellent,. One of my favorite employers to date. Good opportunity for advancement
One of the great global companies and brands in Automotive. Very large and fat organization structure.
I would stock up jobs with supplies needed for the people to perform their jobs, nuts, bolts, washers, screws, and automobile parts. I had knowledge of 10 or more jobs to relieve for breaks or operate their jobs if they were absent for the day.
This was a good place to start working. I gain a lot of knowledge from my years at this company.
Detailed vehicles, Great company to work for just wish I could have stayed longer.
Coordinated the assembly and installation of electrical and mechanical components and systems for all phases of automotive manufacturing. Led the implementation of (TQM) Total Quality Management processes for my department, facilitating collaboration between internal and external customers on quality issues, ensuring quality standards. Performed internal and external audits of inventory, and processes, data, for compliance to regulatory and safety guidelines to achieve cost, quality, schedule, and efficiency goals and standards. Drive measurable improvements in productivity and lead time reduction. Lead change management processes and train personnel.
Worked as a Senior Technical Writer in the Ford NAAO offices. Part of an IT team that created a new billing system and license plate system for Ford employees
start 5:30 to 4:00am i was trained on 12 jobs to help with covering no shows sick and vacations summer time heat winter cold weather co workers are great
Working on the line in a union environment was a new experience that I did not enjoy. I felt that laziness was encouraged and that the employees took advantage of overtime. Seniority date was paramount and held back any opportunity for advancement because work ethic had nothing to do with promotion.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Represented Ford Motor Company in supplier meetings as needed to maintain positive relations and respond appropriately with countermeasures for production part concerns.
love to make cars its a hard job but you make good money off on weekends get paid ever week
If you like making money and not being home with your family then this is the place for you!
Though a very challenging position, I found the work at Ford Motor Credit to be fulfilling and exciting.
The greatest place to ever work! I really enjoyed the people &amp; the environment.
Worked as assembly line worker and was compensated very well. benefits were great and there were numerous chances for advancement.
A typical day at Ford Motor Company can be describe by one word busy. The days went by very fast. I learned many skills at Ford Motor Company, such as driving a Hilo Lo, Stock Keeping, Porter, Inspection Clerk, Dispatcher, Picker, Ship and Router, Cleaner, Receiving Clerk, Chaplain, etc. The hardest part of my job was learning the computer, however, that goal was accomplished, and saying good by to the many friends I developed over the last 30 years. The most enjoyable part of the job was developing those relationships with my co- workers.
Well organized, written work procedures and customer service tracking elements. Traveled to many assembly plants, and met many co-workers. Quality element was priority, worked to meet demands and deadlines but end result was fruitful.
A typical day was an average 8 AM to 5PM 2 days a week, 3 days 12PM to 9PM with alternating half days on Saturday. I had several opportunities in the best training available on site, which included, Customer Service, Sales Support, Account Maintenance, Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word. Management was driven by statistic, however there was continue effort to foster an open door policy. My co-workers were team players. we often rival with each other through departmental contexts, which help to keep the morale up. The hardest part of the job was see the same customers over and over, with no way of fixing their problems. The most enjoyable part of the job was there were many customers that you got the fulfillment of doing a great job because you were able to help them.
I enjoyed doing what I did. I looked forward to going to work and was able to learn something new each day. From management to co-workers it was a great place to work.
Building F150 Trucks..., Working at the assembly line, as an Assembly Associate.
I have nothing bad to say I enjoyed my self I learned a lot about unions labor relations I met some really good friends there was no hard part to my job
it would be hot really hot and a lot of times we wouldn't be able to go get something to drink but overall a great and wonderful place to work
Most days were just run-of-the-mill work. Get to work, clock in, pull jobs until lunch. Get back, pull jobs until 5. In the down-time, workers visit while cleaning and doing small work around the shop. Management is clear on what needs to be done, responds well to employee concerns and gives great advice. Hardest part of the job is an over-abundance of work, leading to excess stress. The most enjoyable part of the job is the people you work with and the things you learn about them.
This company offered me many courses and training like: \xe2\x80\xa2 Systems Engineering Fundamentals \xe2\x80\xa2 Design Verification and Production Validation \xe2\x80\xa2 Failure Mode and Effects Analysis \xe2\x80\xa2 Global 8D \xe2\x80\xa2 Product Reliability \xe2\x80\xa2 Tolerance Design \xe2\x80\xa2 Threaded Fastener Joint Design \xe2\x80\xa2 Fundamentals of Automotive Statistics \xe2\x80\xa2 Ford North America Common Change Management Process.  Nice environment
A great company to work for Room for career improvement It's a place where sometimes you have to wear different hats to get through the day
The collaborated project between Ford Motor Company and Graphic and Image lab in Wayne State U. That is also the research assistant position for me.
Great place to work. Only left after 8yrs bc I wanted to get my pharmacist degree.
