This company is exceptionally disorganized. It is highly bureaucratic and slow. There are not enough experience hires to speed up the company. It could be a hit or miss, depending on what you want out of life. My experience was a miss.
I GIVE GM A 5 STAR RATING BECAUSE WORKING THERE PROVIDE ME WITH A GREAT LIVING FOR MY FAMILY AND AFFORED US THINGS THAT MOST PEOPLE STRUGGLED TO ACQUIRE.  I WAS VERY BLESSED WORKING THERE.
Great job, great pay &amp; for the most part, greatest co-workers. If you like team work &amp; being physically challenged, awesome job.
Plant had financial problems.  Expanded, hired, laid off closed. i transfered from another GM facility. Transfers were not particularly welcome.
Its been a few years since I have been there. I was there before the fall from grace. experience depends on where you are in the organization.
The General Motors LLC corporation is a good place to work.  The management is continuing to grow and understand the importance of what the end customer want.
Working at a large global company like GM means you are given plenty of responsibility right off the bat and get put into high-impact, high-visibility roles with the potential to save the company large amounts of money.
Installing seat belts in the 3rd row of certain vehicles. i would take breaks every 2.5/hrs until it was time to clock out at 6am.
The company has maintained some very antiquated methods and processes but is trying to change the culture. GM has tremendous talent however the resources aren't always used to the greatest extent.   The company does invest in the training and learning endevours of it's employees.  Work / life balance is very possible depending on your function or role.  Overall it's a good company striving to become great.
N/A, the contract company was good, but there is no communication among employees. The managing is poor, and the policies are not together.
The people are good work and the work is interesting. I hoping this will continue to be beneficial for both of us. My commute is just too long, to be practical.
Challenging work, colleagues are nice. Lot of work loads, not very suitable for promotion even after hard work. Not enough vacation for entry level.
I loved working at GM it was something i never did before, \\Very smart people and room for advancement.Alot of overtime, room for advancement. we built a strong sturdy truck.
40 hr work week with possibility of overtime. Great diversity of people/co-workers. Great pay rate with benefits! A lot of multi-tasking and learning of different jobs.
Company has a strong training program and great leadership. They seem to be headed in a strong direction with the changes they are implementing.
Being on time and Attendance was very important. the line started at the top of the hour beginning each shift rather your at your station or not. I learned to use a bunch of different power tools, read manifest and 6 months after working there I was put into the "pool" where I was responsible for Relieving workers and replace anyone that would miss days. Management was very distant but handled a comfortable workplace. Co-workers was very welcoming. Hardest thing about the job was Keeping up with the line until you get the hang of things. I loved the wages and scheduling.
Continuous improvement is a must. Each day brings new opportunities for problem solving. Relationships are key as there is plenty to do with limited time.
Days were very structured, meetings were kept at a minimum. Learned how time management, Quality control was effective. The hardest part of working there was always keeping the teams motivated towards the end of the transition everyone was stressed towards the last year before the bankrupsy. The most enjoyable part was the people, they were truly helpful and sincerely wanted to do a good job.
Exellent pay and benefits. Great place to work. I ran a spot welder and also assembly line work. I got along with everyone even the weemers. My boss was great and so were my co workers. The hardest part of the job was drilling holes in the roof for the convertibles.
I do love working for GM, I love the people I work with, and I have a great respect for what we do to make the vehicles as good as we can.  The weather stinks 6 months out of the year, though.
I loved working on cars and the managerial staff as well as my coworkers were all easy going, level headed, and good workers. I also loved completing jobs, which always seemed to happen with great accuracy.
good place to work good pay 8 hour shifts no weekends. Good pay good people to work with. good breaks. Getting to see the new cars come off the line and seeing the stuff that goes into the cars .
\xe2\x80\xa2 Interacting with the Clients and defining strategies to achieve their requirement. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used Agile development methodology to develop and maintain project. \xe2\x80\xa2 Following Agile Scrum methodology for stand-up meetings and updates to client. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented Spring framework (MVC) configured the spring configuration file. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used Spring Web MVC framework for the applying MVC Implementation to the web application. \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed User Interface using HTML, JavaScript and JQuery. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used CSS for branding of screens. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used JQuery as a cross browser JavaScript Library. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used Spring Web Module integrated with Struts. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used Spring AOP module to handle transaction management services for objects in any Spring-based application.
Assembly line work is not for everyone. That said, the pay is fantastic for work that is simple. The trouble is that repetitive work is boring and bad for your body.
working for this company as very hard, and the management was very unorganized and treated their employees like dirt, most of the employees were under qualified for their job assignments and management was no help
New Management is very professional and result oriented. A great place to work , learn and contribute to the challenging transformational goal.
I assemble parts to build cars on an assembly line. Sometimes if an employer does not show up for work I act as an team player and fill in for there position.
I loved to work for GM mainly because I learned so much. I started from the ground up. I began to learn all that I could from the seniority employees by soaking up any knowledge about the machines and the way each department worked. Became a job setter or team leader, then repairman and moved up to supervisor.  The job was hard but, I had fun working there. I realized that at some point it wasn't about fun it was about life. I no longer wanted to work harder but, smarter.
We would inspect parts, then repackage them, and then initial them. The management was great, along with my co workers. Hardest part was just the heavy lifting at times. We had great lunch breaks and enjoyed ourselves while working.
Loved it and the culture was above average, Very Welcoming associates, Very comprehensive training, Clean work environment
Working and maintaining several BI platforms for use by the business. I would do metrics reporting for my team using Tableau.
MOSTLY GREAT WORKERS BUILDING SOME EXELLENT CARS &amp; TRUCKS.  WORKERS TAKE TO MUCH PUBLIC BLAME FOR COST OF PRODUCT. OUT OF COUNTRY ISN'T BETTER BUSINESS JUST LARGER BONUSES FOR THE TOP.
GOT TO DO A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS BECAUSE THE CARS WHERE DIFFERENT THAT YOU HAD TO LOOK AT. THE HOURS WERE LONG BUT THE PAY WAS VERY GOOD. PEOPLE WERE FUN TO WORK WITH.
Work is not diffucult, Job security a real issue, hired in a temp and some temps have been there 2 years or more.. Futher more you pay union dues but the union does not protect you. Also the union pays out profit sharing bonus, but because you are a temp you do not qualify even though you are paying union dues.  A union is needed to protect you from the UAW, they have a 30 percent intrest in general motors, so there is some conflict.
GM was a great place to work. I advanced my skills in how to multi-task in a very fast paced environment. My supervisors and upper management I dealt with were helpful and answered all questions I had. The downside to the job was that as a Temporary SSO there was no job security at all. I could come in any day and they could just dismiss me with no compensation.
Packaging of various automotive components and sending the completed package to proper shipping area to sent to various GM facilities. I learned to work fast as there were daily quotas of parts that each operator had to meet to achieve shipping metrics. Management was demanding and for the most part supportive of employees as they worked to meet daily metrics. Co-workers were helpful and approachable if needed and included me in activities and during lunch breaks. The hardest part of this job was the climate, very hot in summer and cold in winter. Summer was worse, and management did come around with water and asked how each employee was doing. The best part of the job was completing job orders and meeting new people.
Very Challenging. Get rewarded for hard work and well rewarded Looking for closer to home. Has a lot of diversity and training for working in the environment.
No Work/Life Balance due to heavy workload. Unreasonable management. Low morale due to management.  Young, educated co-workers.
GM will not hire you direct if your over 50yrs. On with unpaid furlough because of budgets problems except to loose close to two months pay. Make sure you get the highest wage you can get. There will be no raises or addition paid vacation days. 15yrs working for GM as contract was not fun
That was a company were the safe of every empleyee is very important, in every area you will learn a lot of things, the workers there were nice people who alway are availabe to help.
GM is my best working experience. The major challenge has been manage the legacy problem that they have with all retired peopleand UAW
Great place to work, but you will work hard. New hires work the hardest. If you can survive the layoffs, the comp/benefits are worth it.
as a shipping &amp; receiving clerk, I strengthened my organization skills and material management. It was a very active job. My co-workers were a pleasure to work with.
Job looks great on paper. Actual job, is walking a tight rope of what to say and what not to say to Dealers, Clients, and GM in house. If you accept this job, mind your p's and q's.
arrive between 5-6 am and leave between 3-4 pm I learned how to respect all employees blue collar and white collar management was a challenge but I learned more each week on how things should be done and not what someone just thought co workers are ok but I was not there to make friends I was there to work hard and long and that is what that place was about hardest part was taking work home with me most enjoyable part was seeing the pay offs on the production floor
A typical day at work was starting of the day with a head start. having everything ready and organized when the conveyor started, items were ready and shipped at appropriate timing. I learned great computer skills, how to work well with others as a team and management was amazing. We had group meetings often so we could figure out how to speed up production and increase sales. There really wasn't a hard part about the job, just make sure you get there everyday, on time and be safe. The most enjoyable part was the other workers that made it a great and friendly environment, they also made the day go by quicker to actually enjoy what we were doing.
I was a second generation GM worker. My day start by make that all my fellow workers were on the job on time. Review all repairs in my area. Life is good, the pay was good and you can't beat the benefits.
Pros: Excellent benefits, pay. Cool innovative technologies
Great employee morale here. Worked with management and co-workers to accomplished job objective in a timely manner.
Working for Gm. was a awesome experience They paid well and we were all like Family competing with other companies and striving to always be # 1
I enjoyed my time with gm and would still be there if I had not wanted to move back home to be with my family. the work I did was very fast paced and busy but I like staying busy and working with other people.
The company is shifting from a global collaboration culture back to an in-house limited environment which is creating extreme stress for work life balance.
I enjoyed my time there and have stayed in touch with colleagues
I worked in a manufacturing plant, which can be a rough environment to work in. I met many wonderful people there, however. GM paid its people well (fairly) and offered wonderful benefits. It was a great place to work while raising a family. Management was tough but fair, and the employees showed great pride in working for such a monumental car company.
What can I say your a line Monkey, great pay, great benefits, however no work/life balance, lots of OT means lots of money but no time for family or anything along those lines. Management is terrible, have no clue what they are doing or how to remedy things.
I love working for this company, nice people and nice atmosphere place to enjoy.
There are many intangibles to get adjusted to at this facility, so it is a great learning experience overall.
IF I KNEW IN 2000 WHAT I KNOW NOW I WOULD HAVE STAYED WORKING. I GOT SOME GREAT EDUCATION FROM GM.
General Motors was a great place to work.The working conditions were satisfactory and the people I worked with were great. I learned a lot about how automobiles are built and how much work really goes into them.
I loved everything about this position, with the exception that it was temporary and no offer of full time available. There was no stability to offer.
Typical Day: Depending on the department, the structure of the workday varied: in validation, I typically sat and watched an engine complete cycles for verification, working on additional side projects while waiting. In the analysis group, work was typically project based, so there was variation from the day to day, dealing primarily with theoretical analysis and CAE/CAD. Co-workers were usually very helpful and helped to make working a learning experience, and management, while typically not directly involved with projects, fostered a positive, learning environment.
Good company to work with but uncertainity surrounding their business, there is no job security/advancement.
8.5 hour work day, which included the installation and removal of automotive transmissions in test cells in which Durability test for the components were conducted, Other responsibilities were to monitor test, and relay test results to engineers. The job was very challenging and rewarding, I worked this job for 36+ years, now i am retired.
The job is not hard, the management is not fair, the wages is good, but for the work I provide its not fair.
Great job found out if you just did your job you would be left alone bosses some good some bad most co workers where good friends getting up at 3 am was very hard was sleepy some days best part of my job was my co workers
I Truly enjoyed my 13 years there as an Auto Worker. This is where I first learned the true meaning of "teamwork". It never ceased to amaze me how at the end of the workday; there was always so much to be proud of.
I liked this job and hope to have more like it. Good management and schedule
I enjoy working at GM,however am looking for a different carreer. Having to carry heavy parts at times bothered me but over all great job.
GM provides work challenges and training as needed. Excellent communication with group manager and any tools necessary to complete job are provided for you. Job standards are established before job is started. Interesting place to work.
Only a temporary job assignment due to closing of plant. Really enjoyed the trust and opportunities afforded during my short stay.
Meet up with co-workers and Supervisor at start of shift, listen to the job quota of the day and what happened on the shift before yours. Got assigned a different job each day. Learned a good hard work ethic. Co-Workers did not care about the job but more about your personal life. Hardest part was getting the job done in the time they requested. Most enjoyable part of the job was learning all the different types of jobs that were available.
I have been hourly, managed at all levels, been a Director of operations over 4 plants and have had a very successful career with great track record in accomplishments.  Looking only for Part Time employment to supplement my retirement. Be a team player and support retail, companies, Real Estate host positions etc.
The job has its highs and lows. major low being all the down time that is present this year alone 7 weeks were shutdown days where I wasn't able to work.
The salary and benefit package are excellent, lot of wasted materials and time, many team meetings that produced minuscule results.
Although I was working only as an intern in engineering, the company had a pretty good culture. You work with your teammates daily and I don't think there is an option to work from home ever. Everyone seemed knowledgeable and had a good mix of work hard/play hard.  Of other companies I've seen, they have the best town halls. Everyone in the office is invited and has the ability to ask the high-ups questions about the company. This is a great if you have a question rather than mindlessly shaking your head based on company decisions.
Busy, fun, sometimes stressful yet manageable day. I worked 12-13 hours a day. The most enjoyable part of this job was knowing that I resolved my clients issues on their account.
Design Release Engineer, Warren, Michigan Research and future product development of automatic transmissions accessories such as power take-off, shift cables, indicators, tubes, and Transmission Oil Cooler lines, quick connect features, and Engine Oil Cooler lines. Designed validation tests and oversaw product development of Powertrain package. Performed the Project Design, mock-up, component fabrication, assembly, build and the analysis of the GMPT 4L80-E and Allison Twin countershaft and Planetary designs for light duty applications with Power Take-Off and an integrated hydraulic pump system for Auxiliary Power.  Project Engineer, Rochester, New York Product development of ETC, MPFI and alternate fuel system programs, including electronic throttle control. Developed test programs, supervised technicians, coordinated vendor proposals with facilities, engineering and model shop.  Technical Liaison, Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania In charge of operations at an off-site engine dynamometer and vehicle laboratory. Controlled budget, insured integrity of data and directed technicians for all test procedures.  Project Engineer, Flint, Michigan Designed and implemented a state-of-the-art engine dynamometer and Vehicle Emission Test Site. Developed vendor bid proposals, evaluated equipment and analyzed cost comparisons to achieve goal within budget. Enforced quality control of test data.
The IT Departments are new In GM, so there is still a lot of room for improvement. Opportunities for advancement are scarce.
Fair and reasonable management. Clear direction and communication of expectations. Good work / life balance. Good group of co-workers. Management committed to mentoring. Performance oriented managers. Excellent benefits program. Positive attitude by all co-workers. Very professional support staff.
This job was about building plastic car parts with huge machines
If you are friends, play golf or party with the boss you will go places even if you are a complete idiot.
My first IT job that has taught me many things. In the heart of Detroit, MI- GM has a great work environment. The people I worked with were great, very patient and knowledgeable. Had excellent benefits.
Management of production workers very poor.Lack of qualified supervisers who can motivate work force to do effecent quality work. Poor production practices and quality control issues. over all very negitive invironment to work in. Employee moral very low
Worked on the assembly line. Typical UAW hourly job. Not much more to say about General Motors.
Answering Assembly Plants inquires, needs, engineering to problem solving, understanding the root cause of problems and working with suppliers to initiate a solution to correct the problem. Managed changes coming into the assembly with break points, managing suppliers of the product to understand the Assembly Plants needs and requirements to enable a smooth new product launch or engineering enhancement. Hardest part of my job was managing suppliers in different time zones and communication with them. Most enjoyable part of my job was the people. I enjoy getting to know people and helping anywhere I can.
Enjoyed my yeas with the State of Texas. In this correction industry, I basically enjoyed all the experience I received from the Supervisors and fellow co-workers.
Enjoyed all aspects of this company, family oriented, good work environment, safety utmost concern of company
Typical day. Painting and pin stripping new cars. Learnd. Sent me to school for automotive design ! Great co-workers. Hardest part. When they closed the plant. Most enjoyable. Seeing how nice the cars were when we were don'e.
I started working 3rd shift being a weekend warrior. Then I got the opportunity with me working so hard. I was offering full time 2nd shift. Don't get me wrong I loved working for GM, but it was Very hard work. I learned so much working in Trim department. It was so Awesome to build trailblazers. My coworkers were very helpful. Hardest part would be having one minute to do each vehicle and making sure you don't shut the line down. I really thought I was going to retire from GM , but the company took a turn for the worst and the plant closed, which was very hard to believe. I learned so much and worked so hard, I really miss that place.
Great company to work with Good management wonderful co-workers very happy working there
A good environment where the staff is well-trained and the customers' needs are the priority. It's nice to see a world-class organization making sure the needs of it's customers are taken care of.
One of the most valuable lessons at GM is always learning to "do more with less". Everyday is very different even though most jobs are standardized. You will develop an eye for quality and will NEVER look at an automobile the same way again.
Lots of meetings, learning about new software functionality. Hardest part of my job is all of the meetings that I must attend.
Great place to work, staff and management is nice, but job security unpredictable
10 hour work days; automotive industry;management was understanding to employee needs and suggestions; made long lasting friends that were very helpful to each other; hardest part of job was being laid offloved every aspect of the job...
It was fun working with youth baseball and floor hockey for the city of Lansing but in the end I did not get enough hours to make it worth staying with them. But as a part time employment it was very fun place to work.
The company is very diverse in culture. The hours are flexible. The company is stable, most employees have been there for 20+ years.
very productive &amp; challenging, learned how to deal with varying personalities, had to motivate people which I was very successful doing in my career at general motors.great satisfaction was accomplished by me
Things in the company move very slowly. Most managers are competent but the work culture there makes it difficult to work at times.
Excellent workplace, good management, great compensation, great coworkers, the hardest part is when work late and the enjoyable one is when we reach the goals .
setup dish mahine and garbage handler provide help with hot and cold products bakery and pasty and stock and inventory.
Overall great to work here. Able to improve with classes. Great boss. Nice co-workers. Comfortable work place.
Surrounded by some of the most talented and professional people I'd ever met, I was able to learn a vast amount quickly. A fast-paced environment that required dedication and attention to detail.
gm was able to open a lot of doors for me and i truly do appreciate it. it was the most amazing experience i have had
Wentzville General Motors is not reflected of corporate standards set by headquarters. Wentzville lacks management and leadership visionaries that are able to take it to next level to compete with other plants.
Great company to work for! I thoroughly enjoyed my colleagues and work atmosphere.
I'm just looking for P/T non physical work. Maybe something I can do from home. I'm 74 and not as spry as I use to be. My start date at GM was in 1957 and ended 1992.
GM is a huge organization. It's important to get to know as many people as possible to get work done.
GM is a good place to work, where I can learn plenty of useful skills in the field of Automobile Engineering. Here I have many friendly co-workers, and I enjoyed every part in GM.
Great place to work no place to work if your looking for advancement potential.
Represented the Metal Fab Division in converting a legacy system to internet application.
Worked with older workers.Who can teach you how to do your work right in a timely manner.Great supervisiors and bosses.Always spoke to you as a BOSS should.Gave you respect and curtisy.Wish they where still there.
I began working at 7am to 3:30pm. My job duties included using a procedure called "Man in motion" to produce parts from cell. I learned how to work smarter while making quality parts. Management and co-workers, I worked well with. The hardest part working at Gm, was getting everyone together as a team for one common goal. The most enjoyable part of my job was producing quality parts as a team.
- Provide technical support for all IT related hardware, network, printing, mobile device, websites, and application issues for Users from selected corporations.  - challenging, stressful sometimes but definitely learn a lot on IT knowledge and industry
8 years of total experience in IT industry. Around 6 Years of IT experience in SOA Integration with Oracle Fusion Middleware (OSB, SOA, ESB, BPEL, Java, J2EE) Hands on experience in design and development of Oracle Service Bus (XQuery, XPath, XSLT) and Oracle SOA Suite (ESB, BPEL, Mediator, JDeveloper) Involved in all phases of SDLC with three projects experience in Analysis, Design, implementation and Testing based on user requirements. Providing services for SOA like building a portfolio of services, WSDL, Top-Down, Bottom-Up Approach and defining XML Schemas. Installing Oracle SOA Suite and OSB 11g. Experience working with XML related technologies such as XML Schema, XSL, XSLT, XQuery, Xpath and Java Technologies (JAXP, JAXB). Application packaging &amp; deployment experience using Ant scripts Worked on version control system tool SVN Having good onsite experience across various systems and equipped to support clients Experience on both Agile and Waterfall development methodologies Excellent team player, soft skills, oral and written communication.
We all had a good time as long as our jobs were done. Gm Supervisors were also good to their workers.
Very personal and family oriented workplace.My coworkers were like family because of the way we worked with each other.
Get the job done safe if getting a boss who knows nothing about how things work can be *********
enjoyed working for gm 34 years worked in many plants shifts and employees. repaired and help machines work better threw the years
worked security part time for 3 years. workers there were very friendly. i was glad to have the experience there.
Great folks to work with! Too bad place closed. Learning curve for GM. Honda, Toyota made better cars at that time. GM was behind the game when it came to Total Manufacturing system. It is not the technology, it's the people that make the cars! It took management time to figure that out, but it got to late when you lose sales to the other. Hey I am a consumer too!
Great place to work have great benefits work place was clean you never had to worry about getting to dirty GM was also a pretty safe place to work
Very good clean atmosphere, Great co-workers and supv. to work with.
Working with PROFESSIONALS was the best part of working at General Motors. The hardest part of my job(s) was working with hourly UNION workers, many not wanting to work but make your life hard to get your job done. (5%) 95% were hard working people just like me wanting to a secure future for themselves and their families.
GM does not provide much opportunity for advancement. The managers also have significant deficiencies with respect to effectively managing.
Very fast paced. Schedule allows for family time and work to be balanced.
excellent, worked with skilled people, good bosses, and good benefits
Have a bad boss. Don't want to work here anymore to do his behaviors. I've gone to personnel with no gains.
Have a bad boss. Don't want to work here anymore to do his behaviors. I've gone to personnel with no gains.
Organizational ability Forecasting Budgeting Timing Getting jobs done on time
I have learned a lot working in the automotive industry for General Motors. Management is on top of things, a very knowledgeable group of people work at GM from different backgrounds. The work environment can be stressful due to the nature of manufacturing, but this also makes the job very rewarding.
This was a great position in the Mid West. The people were the reason I enjoyed this job
Daily I would receive litigation cases from attorneys to be condensed into PDF files to be sanctioned into court, Creating disks that make it easier for attorneys to access pertinent information to help their case. Create work order for document duplication to Xerox Corp., Assist and facilitate meetings discussing the reproduction of documents and what to quality control check. I learned public speaking on a broad spectrum in a career-diverse driven area, how to work with career professionals. The team I worked with was great-we worked together and accomplished daily goals and met specifications and standards of the Security Exchange Commission (SEC).
Coming in getting work supplies and PPE ready before you jump right in on the line. The line doesn't stop between shifts. You know what you have to do and you just do it. You work, talk with your colleagues, play and listen to music. Having a good night when the line runs smoothly with no break downs or out or parts or when the line is just down for 2 to 3 hours. Not a good night when the line runs for a little while then stops for a little while and so forth for the better part of the night. The Lead checks on everyone for bathroom breaks when needed. Management making rounds checking on everyone and answering questions you might have for them.
When I was call on a job I was there to fix. i was happy to work with my co-worker we work together
A great career opportunity to develop sales skills using encouragement and motivation to improve business processes in fixed operations customer service. Leadership is essential in this position to motivate service drive behavioral change.
I absolutely loved working for GM and was very disappointed when the plant I worked at closed down. I enjoyed being part of a team and constantly learning new things.
Each day I went to work it was interesting and there was a lot to learn. I learned how to work robots, overhead crane, and setup injection molding. The management under union and it was ok. My co-workers were all team workers and they were very intelligent. The hardest part of the job was keeping the job because they were going out of business. The most enjoyable part of the job was making good money.
This is a very busy job reviewing customer cases regarding their vehicle concerns and working to find a solution in conjunction with General Motors dealership.
SUPPLY ALL MATERIALS-HOOK UP TOOLS TRUN LINE ON.-HOW TO WORK AS A TEAM- RECEIVED INSTRUCTIONS FROM MANAGEMENT- WORKED WELL WITH CO- WORKER;S- KEEPING QUALITY TO THE HIGHEST LEVEL- KNOWING WE REACHED 100%.
work load 8hr/day. Analysis and hardware debugging. management is nice. coworkers are nice. highly paid.
General Motors has a lot to offer, however, it can be too large of a company for some people.
fast paced and fun.fixing down machinery was very rewarding.working with others for a common goal
A typical day is to sit at desk and take calls until you can break. I learned that the auto dealerships do have to have ongoing training and do have trouble obtaining such and that GM training is a necessary part of the business. My co-workers were all a bunch of young kids who had no work ethic and interest in company at all but just to get paycheck and go home. The hardest part is to stay focused and complete the call accurately and in a timely manner with all the silliness going on around. The most enjoyable was completing a call with the most customer service possible.
Nice pay, but not very organized. Needs more job security. They always have lay offs.
The jobs themselves are not too difficult to learn nor do. Not a whole lot of room for advancement. Everything is based on seniority so it does not really matter too much how you preform the job. This is quite discouraging in the job itself as it promotes an average or slightly below average work habit. I wish there was some sort of challenge motivating you to do your absolute best. The benefits are the best I have seen anywhere.
I had the opportunity to successfully perform in many disciplines: Manufacturing Supervisor, Quality Engineer, New Product Plant Launch Training Coordinator.
Showed up to my job everyday Monday thru Friday and did the same thing over and over again. Had many different jobs applying certain parts to cars as they came down the line to my designated job. It was hard on my hands at first but once I got used to it then it wasn't that bad. The most enjoyable part of the day was getting to show up to work everyday with a guaranteed lunch break and it wasn't hard labor and I got to make some friends.
I cant speak for all GM plants but this was what I took away from the Ft Wayne, IN plant. Its incredibly hard to get your foot in the door and once you do its a pretty lengthy process before you're actually working. I was a temp for 14 months with the impression I was going to be hired in but was eventually laid off anyway despite getting an award for reporting quality defects and saving the company loads of money. Good pay but no benefits and still had to pay dues to the local union hall without any real representation as a temp. The extremely fast pace was a real challenge at first but co-workers were a big help and eventually I got used to it and enjoyed it. Made some pretty good friends too. Upper and middle management are often a mess of miss-communication and way more concerned about the bonuses they receive for higher numbers than the quality or well-being of any of the employees. Overall its not a bad place but its got some serious issues that need resolved. Maybe they pay well enough so you'll look the other way.
It was a nice experience learning Production and Distribution during my time with General Motors.
Work was outstanding. The work place was well put together and very well run.
come in make sure every booth is cleaned, prep and ready for cars to be painted. hit was a nice team of co worker that was on the same page which made it easier to get the task done
First job after graduation, it was a great learning experience.
I like doing what I love in development, project management and design for others.
I received continuous guidance and schooling to help make my future with the company as enjoyable and fulfilling as possible. We had annual evaluations and received counseling in order to improve.
I have worked almost every department while at GM and have gained a lot of experience at all jobs in manufacturing.
I loved being in the work. I never miss work, and was very responsible. I'm a self starter and can get along with anyone.
I worked in a group setting wit several people. Packing and assenbly of automobile parts. I learned to work with others and be part of a team.Management was very fair and friendly and willing to help. Some of the equimtment was old and outdated. fillinng your quoto for the day was rewarding.
This job was great. My co workers, management were awesome. I enjoyed every part of that job.
Being a contract employee. It felt there wasn't much room for advance. I enjoyed the co-workers wasn't a big fan of all of the customer complaints.
The Upper Management team was willing to teach new personnel and the other employees were very friendly.
Work 3rd shift How hard it is to build trucks Worked Trim line management was good
Outplaced when skill set did not match job requirements. a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job
Good cause. Love to help others who are in need and support. Learning experince.
Everyday work was fast pace and being about to stand on your feet for 8-11 hours.  i learned that you have to work efficient and smart.  Didn't really like the management there it seemed as if they played favorites.  My coworkers were fine i had friends with everybody.  Hardest part of the job was just the hours on my shift  Most enjoyable part was not have someone watching over me as i worked.
GM is a great company to have an opportunity to have worked for. The company was main goals were keeping the workers safe and providing excellent quality work. My co-workers were like family to me, no one was ever treated as a stranger.
Focus is on sales and market share growth Concentrated effort toward sales Incredible amount of talented employees
A day at general motors is very busy. the assemble line starts moving at 6 a.m continuing every 4 hours until break. Management was very helpful.
A typical day was waiting to be told where to go and of course being a temp you got handed the worst jobs. I did learn about 25 jobs in the year I was there. The co-workers were ok. Ugh, management there was absolutely horrendous!!!
You could be a temporary employee with GM for upwards of 7 years which presents no job security.
Enjoyed my time working for GM! Management wasn't the best but the overall day of in the plant was great.
I feel that I had a well rounded education in the auto industry and what it takes to build vehicles.
Only there for short duration. Typical work at a auto factory. No complaints.
Great company to work for. Great management team. Great environment. Takes care of employees in all aspect.
Lot of exiciting projects in light weight of autombiles. Growth opportunities are limited.
Fast pace working environment. Almost all co-workers are wonderful to work with.
A company or paranoid,affraid people who will stab each other in the back at the drop of a hat.
Paint Supervisor in charge of prime and color booth during first, second, and third shifts. Equipment used was Devilbiss electrostatic bells and reciprocator Osculating guns. Familiar with Behr bells. New Vehicle cleanup of interior and exterior which included advanced waxing. Process was completed on a conveyor line. Rail loading vehicles on tri-level which enabled them to be shipped by train to dealerships. Paint Department hand sprayed all vehicles. Familiar with Devilbiss, Graco, Binks, and Ransburg Electrostatic hand sprayers.
They have no clue what they are doing in SAP. The new IT people are left out of key decisons even though they are the most experienced and knowledgeable. Too many people who do not know what they are doing and they will stab you in the back if you say they are wrong. Good luck with trying to implement best practices as there is no interest in changing anything. They adhere to a ridiculous amount of policies that are not necessary. Lack of access in SAP is the norm because the idiot who runs support will fight you on access you need to do your job. If you enjoy stress and frustration then join up now!
GM is a great company to work for, the compensation and benefits are very competitive. The only con here is the end-user base is very demanding from an IT perspective - the world is expected.
was a great place to work until it closed down as a production worker
The job was fun and a different experience, I was a full tine temporary employee did not know when the job would end. When the job ended I was only given 2 day notice
* Typical days range from 8 to 20 hours * I\'ve learned to never take any day for granted * The Management and co-workers were very easy to work with and accepted your views. The hardest part of the job was enduring the long hours The most enjoyable part " the people"
A typical day at work with General Motors was very routine. I learned much from General Motors. I learned to change out 30+ton dyes for daily operations. I learned to be part of a production team to accomplish the days stock requirement. Co-workers were considerate of each others space and job. The warehouse policies and procedures were very strict for production and safety purposes. Mangement maintained a professional working relationship with union presence. The hardest part of my job was adjusting to the weight of each object that came down the belt when a new job began. The most enjoyable part of the job was learning how to do the different types of jobs that are done each day.
Very technical job depending on your department...But you will love the one on one reaction with the customers especially when you can help them.
sorted good iron parts from the scrap of metal. then we put the sorted metal in hopper until full switched them out and done all over again.
work closely with team members to review business requirements and establish test approach.
enjoyed working there, made some great cars over the years, great pay and benefits.
They just opened this facility in Austin, TX not so long ago so it is not where it should be just yet. They seem to be working on it but I am sure it takes time in order to accomplish this.
Spent more than 30 years with GM. Good place to work. Pleasant workers and good pay.
I worked 2nd Shift in Production/Car frame assembly. Everyday I came in 20 minutes early. Got my work gear ready, made sure to sign up for overtime for the week then replace the 1st shift employee on the job. The job was basically assembling different parts of the car frame and doing quality &amp; safety inspections along the production line. I worked anywhere from 8-12 hours a day and worked thru breaks &amp; lunches for the extra overtime. Worked mostly Monday-Saturday, sometimes only Monday-Friday. I learned alot about the car manufacturing industry, the in\'s-out\'s of the union (UAW Local 1714) and the importance of safety in the work environment. Management was very easy to work &amp; get along with. Co-workers were friendly and outgoing for the most part. The hardest part of the job was being kept on "Temp" status for the last year so the company doesn\'t have to pay myself and others benefits, bonuses and health insurance. Also, having to constantly worry about job security because "Temps" can be laid-off at anytime; which I am now.
Picking parts for prototype vehicles. There is always something new to learn everyday and my co-workers are very knowledgeable and team orientated. The hardest part of the job is going home at the end of the day because it is a very nice place to work because of the atmosphere that was developed by management and the team I work for.
Plant nurse for a warehouse. See employees for occupational and non occupational injuries. Minor injuries. top 3 injuries lacerations/splinters, sprains/strains and abrasions/contusions. Keep in compliance with OSHA regulations. Work with Medgate charting system. Work with internal audit processes sent out by gm. Work with business deployment board, maintain files in information life cycle system,. Work with management and UAW in the ADAPT process American with disabilities act accommodating employees with handicaps and/or restrictions maintain employment. Work with Health and Safety Team that consists of both management and hourly employees. Work independently. I have learned about getting a pharmacy license for a terminal distributor, CLIA waiver, maintaining OSHA regulations, state mandated reporting of illnesses.  The best part of the job is working autonomously, building relationships with employees and management.
A large company like GM always have issues, however, overall, I appreciate the 30 yrs of service to me and my family, continuing with a pension.
Administrative work most of the day. Good database development Enjoyed my experience at this company they allowed me to be innovative
well maintaned company with parts to do job. well training provided by highly qualified peoples. work with highly experinced workers. managment always made sure for safety of workers. managment always address employee's concern.
Low volume production, lean manufacturing, great benefits
The people were easy to get along with and as long as you did your job no one really had a problem with anybody.
At the beginning of the day I took attendance made sure everything was in order so the day would run smooth. I learned how to weld, drive a fork truck, use an air gun, put strips on a car, operate a press, and manage people and shipping and receiving techniques.
GM has a strong focus on customer service and meeting deliverables.
I was able to gain the ability to work under pressure, meet deadlines and work in a competitive environment.
A typical day at work was being teased about being left handed. All of the jobs were for right handed people. I learned to adapt to the conditions. Management didn't play. If you were not following the rules and regulations of that job. You were out the door!!! All of my co-workers were wonderful. Very thoughtful and loving. We all looked out for one another. The hardest part of the job was at the end of the day, you know you earned every dime. The other hardest part was knowing that it was all coming to an end. The most enjoyable part of my job was finally learning a position for a left handed person and not screaming for my team lead to help me.
Nice jobs with a lot of overtime offered, but no direct hiring into the company. Enjoyed the production atmosphere and company events.
Enjoyed my time at GM. Everyone worked as a team and was a fun place to work at.
I like adventurous events, something new everyday. I would like for my routine to be switched up every once in a while. I love my co-workers, they were all great people.. that's what keeps my day going.
Great pay Terrible work/life atmosphere worked specifically overnights and every weekend Very physical job Warehouse feeling with dim lighting
learned how to install various parts to vehicles, seat belts, sensors, locks and latches.
Working 3rd shift is taking it's toll on my personal life as well as my mental fitness. I prefer 1st shift.
Great place to work for with great benefits. The most enjoyable part of the job was the high level of training, and also working within many fields.
Bad working environment and doesn't suit the employee well
I did whatever was necessary to make equipment ready to produce parts
Great and considerate employer to work for. Employees are techinically knowlegeable.
Provided me with 24 years of employment. Culture is changing.
Good work-life balance and there is opportunity for career advancement.
It's Ok to work here. Innovative ideas ut hourly workers are more efficient then the engineers at times.
All of my experience is pre-bankruptcy... hopefully they have gotten better.  Don't bet the farm on it.
Work hard, respect each others contribution. Site is closing and moving to Pontiac, Michigan.
A typical day at work included interactions with GM dealership employees to assist in investigations for product failure claims. I started out as a tier II agent and was promoted to Product assistance claims. I have learned a great deal about the how vehicles work in regards to air bags, seatbelts and how the vehicle is inspected when calims are made that the vehicle caused an accident due to mechanical failure. The hardest part of the job is dealing with the repercussions behind the recalls GM has issued on numerous vehicles. The most enjoyable part about the job is the great friends I have made in some of my co workers and the things I have leaerned that can help me and others when it comes to vehicle safety.
Inspection of all 5.0 Manifolds prior to shipping to Ford Motor Company.
GM offered individual freedom in decision making with little or no management needed.
In a typical day I would help with any data issues from the data engineer, such as working on graphs and entering data into the computer for the testing equipment. Facilitating and coordinating the Problem Report and Resolution meetings. Organizing employees for involvement and confirming resolution reports. Ordering supplies. Verifying previous data and gathering data for reports. Stream ling one area of reporting from a two person 40 hour job, to a one person two hour job. Using data entered by each department and then utilizing our system to print and collate the data. This report was used to update staff at the plant for morning meetings. It was my duty to report at these staff meetings.Learning the proces in the valuable meetings for trouble shooting the problems. Management in our department was encouraging and promoting a team environment. The hardest oart of the job was also the most enjoyable which was conducting the trouble shooting issues and finding the solutions to the problems.
I've learned that I am much stronger than i anticipated. The hardest thing about the job would have to be entering as a temporary employee. I have been a temporary employee for nearly a year now. You cant have any days off to take your child to the doctors office. Nor any personal time for yourself. The most enjoying part would have to be the adversity of the people. You never know what to expect at General Motors.
Not very fun if you are contract, nothing more to say!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
free lunches great pay great benefits great workers company is good
Always felt like a valued employee. This company offered many opportunities and chances for advancement. Co-workers were like family. We all had a goal to produce the best product to meet customer satisfaction.  Company paid for my college classes and helped me earn a college degree. My degree was an asset to my success and aided in advancement throughout the company.  I gave a 5-Star Overall rating because there was not a time that I had anything negative to say about working there.
Great experience in sales, service. The product is tops and there are a lot of vehicles to choose from. All renovated to current standards.
I loved working at Gm. Everyone was very friendly. You also learn different jobs at different stations throughout the plant.
a typical day at work would consist of going in find out the numbers of vehicles that were getting built today and by what time also some classes. what i had learned there were things that i had learned previously but they were great refresher courses they provided. most of the co-workers i knew from school so i got along with them quite well. the hardest part of my job was when it was a very busy day with more cars on the line and i had a more things too assemble. the most enjoyable part of my day were like an hour before the end of my shift, the reason for me saying this is because by that that time i'd would have gotten in the rhythm of my job so i'd forget what time it was and wouldn't even think of leaving
GM was a horrible place to work and I wished I had left sooner than I did. If you like to be verbally assaulted and have your job threatened daily this is a place for you. If you want your career to be based off of your merit then Run! this place is not for you. It is who likes you and who does not. Culture is cutthroat......
Being in a very competitive area, talent is the key in driving the company forward. Innovation and forward thinking is fostered throughout the organization. It is a very fast paced environment, with talented staff and leadership.
A typical day includes driving to one of my dealership and peforming consulting to the dealership's fixed operations department.
Working on the assembly line, day in day out. not difficult.You get to work with and meet people from all over. Great social environment if that's something you enjoy. Did a little mig welding for them. Get to build the latest trucks and get discounts on them for yourself, and friends and family as well. Most enjoyable part is getting paid every week.
I was stationed in Mexico as the director of Operations nad was pleased with the culture. Gm encourages employees to balance work and home.
ILM Management, I learned how to work hard and how to work well as with a team.
The biggest thing I can take away from my time at GM is that I learned so much. There is plenty of information out there for one to get a hold of about this company and they do a good job of making it easy. The things I learned were not necessarily taught to me by a co-worker, I learned a lot from just daily reading that is sent out by the company. The process of the foundry is very interesting and has many moving parts. After living here my whole life, it was nice to finally see what literally drives this area. GM Defiance has several departments that deal with multiple different things. These departments do not always get along and people seem to always think they can think of a better process than someone else and there tends to be a lot of confusion between the different areas. That is really my only complaint about this job. I do not think that factory life is for me, but I definitely enjoyed the learning aspect of this experience.
The position gets very busy at times, but it is great experience!! Wonderful way to learn more about the automotive industry.
This was a short term assignment. I got exactly what I needed out of it.
Very high expectations for very low pay allot of forced overtime management was awful dealing with GM employees was the worst part something different every day
A excellent paying job with excellent benefits. Many opportunities for advancement with either the union or with the company. In todays economy these type jobs are the most sought after especially with their pay.
I liked it here they laid me off due to plant closing. They had great managers and understanding manager.
Direct the daily activities of the Customer assistance center \xe2\x80\xa2 Lead advisors by providing feedback and guidance to ensure process adherence \xe2\x80\xa2 Manage departmental metrics to improve efficiency and identify areas of opportunity \xe2\x80\xa2 Engage in continuous coaching to develop advisors and drive performance \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinate weekly call quality monitoring to ensure business standards are being met \xe2\x80\xa2 Provide interview and selection support for Business Resource Center personnel
This was my career for over 35 years. The last 10 years were as Lead Supervisor of Skilled Trades.  Serviced all maintenance issues for 11 Research and Development buildings.
GM only hires people in 89 day increments. They will use you for 89 days and then make any excuse to fire you so that they don't have to promote you or give you benefits.
A typical day at General Motors was training a group of people the proper way to build a car. Not only did I do that but I also maintained a monthly budget, kept charts of the capacity to learn on behalf of team members and held daily meetings with management. The best part of the job was training the members and seeing a final product built safely.
Apply parts to trucks as they come down the line. Pretty good place to work.
The work was new for me. The job was perfect for me because I stayed busy. My supervisors taught me a lot.
A typical day at work 6:30 to 3:30 first shift working on a production line put together trucks. You have to brake what we call first brake and then lunch brake.  What i learned while working at GM is putting cars and truck together is not as hard as people think. I learned how to work on my own cars and how run computer programs  Management for the most part are fair with their employees and my co worker most of them are easy to get along with  The hardest part of the job are learning new job  The most enjoyable part of the job is learning new job
Fun, changing daily, challenging. Need more information and communication that should be provided by management.
Thinking of ways to improve the community around us, while learning how to all work to together, and make progress toward one objectives. The team and management worked swiftly and smart, while maintaing a postive work environment. The hardest part about the job was that it ended I loved everything about the job and the peers around me. But most of all helping improve the community for other was the best part of the experience.
Run, operate, set up jobs for CNC machines. Good co-workers and management team
Fun place to work. Friendly environment. Flexibility to work from home
No micromanagement Co-Workers are friendly Difficult Workload Great support system
I truly enjoyed working for GM. The environment was friendly, upbeat, and down to earth.
great compensation, but, you have to start out as a temp, and remain a temp for sometimes years! lay offs occassionally.
clocked in went to designated team center stocked up materials for shift safety check list did specific job 400+ times per night very loud and hot environment clocked out
Information technology professional with over 5 years of experience in systems and network engineering and security. Superb track record installing, configuring, maintaining, and upgrading a wide variety of hardware, software, and network components.
I would still be there if I had enough time there...Plant closed down!
The start of every shift you hit the ground running. With team work everything needed to finish a shift came together. Management support always great in helping to clear log-jams that impeded workflow. As lead supervisor I was very well respected, and counted on to mentor new supervisor. The hardest part of the job was controlling high absenteeism. The most enjoyable part of my job was the ability to meet departmental and plant company goals at a 94% or higher clip every month.
I was responsible for design; development and release of exhaust and air induction system components for all truck lines, and related projects. I worked with gas and diesel, on both hot and cold end exhausts. Tests finished product for quality purposes and recommends changes to product specifications as necessary. Mass Analysis. I worked on aftermarket items as well for various GM SPO projects.
Great job right after graduating from college. Wished that I had stayed.
worked on varies jobs on the assembly line, some easy and some hard.
Provided short and long term plans for transportation and distribution of direct materials to production areas and communicated to all parties (quality, production, transportation, and suppliers). Developed and implemented continuous improvement programs. Supported Memorandum of Agreement and contractual functions related to material activities.Directed daily material operations and managed union manpower resources supporting operations. Ensured all functions performed correctly supporting production. Managed vendor relationships.
Unprofessional supervisor, but overall great company to work for with a lot of opportunities.
Very energetic fun easy going free invoirment, i learned to work multiple positions and also how manufactureing production works from the inside and out. management was damanding slightly laid back not to over the edge. Co workers some were motivated some not so much easy going their wasnt any hard part to the job either. The most enjoyable part of the job was working and making money doing what i love to do most.
Great place to work very fun lots of things all the time, Other then this I can't speak about GM
Daily tasks include working on business plan for department, reviewing material approvals and choices, validate any new materials/changes and interact with appropriate Design Engineer as needed
General Motors is an excellent company to work for. Excellent vacation time, health benefits and work / life balance is provided. I strongly recommend General Motors as a place to work.
The jobs are challenging at first if you are not used to a factory setting, but the compensation is good. The work is repetitive, but becomes second nature and easy work once you are skilled at your specific job.
A typical work day would be for me to monitor the process environment. Perform continuous improvement to the process in forms of filmbuilds and robot cycle times. I have learned the there is a series of checks and balances while working on the job and it requires a lot of discipline. The hardest part of the job is multitasking and working with time constraints. The most enjoyable part of the job would be watching the improvements as you are working to produce a better painted product.
I have worked in different department. From engine, to frame, to material handler. I have had good co workers and bad co workers. My hardest job was using a yoke. The most enjoyable was brake testing.
i would come in get on my job wait for my line to start i had lots of people around me that had there own job to do right next to me we all got along and was some what like a family.
lifting heavy pans of part to the line, building good fuel systems I'm retired from GM after 36 years of employment. Now I work part time at BJ'S wholesale club as a Food Demo I just love it
I was assigned to the East Pool of the plant. The supervisor picked what line we would be working on by seniority. The lines that I worked on rotated. I would inspect the part as it come out the press, scuff the part to make sure there was no damage, tag the part and rack them. My co-workers where very helpful. The hardest part was lifting the body size trucks with the hoist. The enjoyable part was going into work and not having my hand held. Once I got the hang of things they left me on my own.
forklift, cnc, assembly, crane operator.Built cars on a large scale assembly line about 60 cars an hour
Wonderful company and amazing ability to train employees. Good place to start a career and have potential for advancement. Will work with you to try to meet your career advancement needs. Can be very Old Boy's network at times.
work not hard but it was hard to get time off. lots of overtime available
Was a very good company to work for, unfortunitly they decided to move our Torrance office to Michigan
Great training and skill set building provided. Basic line worker installing transmission parts.
Assembly of doors and installation of gas tank. Assembly line production 10 hour shifts. Overtime was available and very fast paced.
I loved working for GM! My time there was spent focusing on learning and developing new skills. My typical day was spend partially at my desk learning new software and the second half was spent on the shop floor observing and learning about how the work done in the office directly effects the production floor. My co-workers were amazing and promoted learning they did not just brush me off because i was an intern.
I always entered the building in a positive, upbeat fashion. Most of everyone that I came into contact with embraced and shared the same enjoyment. I learned how to build a truck, I have a greater understanding of team work. The hardest part of my job was ensuring the everything I put my name on was quality. when trucks are moving down the line, sometimes its hard to view the entire truck for defects, and that's what I liked to do, view it as a whole not just the part that I worked on.
GM was a good place to work. Friendly co-workers and reasonable management. Unfortunately advancement is done only through political connections.
For a major corporate employer, GM was one of the best. Although I worked for them prior to GM bankruptcy, and I cannot say I agreed with most of their decisions, it was a good bureaucratic corporation to be employed with.
Was responsible for overseeing the operations of 14 different Chevrolet Dealerships in this area. Worked with customers and dealership personnel to increase customer satisfaction and sales. Was laid off in May of 1980 when the industry took a dive. When asked to return less than 5 months later, I choose to stay with the new job I had taken. At that time the money was the determination.
Friendly, hard working employees. Clean working areas. Friendly Managers. Technical, fast paced, electrical checking on moving assembly line. I enjoyed the security, and fair pay for a fair days work,
Every day was the same at times,there was times I learned new things in running other machines. There was always things to learn like operating truck, overhead cranes. Everyone I work with like any place you have friendly and unfriendly but most were always willing to help out. Most of my bosses were nice to work with and if I needed help they would help or get me someone to help me. The only hard part of any job is the starting to learn a new job. I guess having a job and learning new and different things is enjoyable about any job, no matter what you do.
I worked manily in the overpack area which is the small parts of the plant such as keys, bulbs, starters, flywheels etc... the day started with a group meeting letting us know how heavy or light the day would be, then we would get to it with scanning our tickets and picking the correct parts, we had a parts per hour we had to keep i would ususally be well above the number. I also was in bulk the heavy parts such as hoods, side paneling, wheel rims etc... Also was on the dock where when parts or the truck was done and all parts were id load it up
General Motors is at it's core an automotive company and I LOVE cars! But what I loved even more was the diversity in everything. The global experiences were some of the very best in my career, changing my perspective of the world, my place in it and causing me to want to travel internationally with my kids to introduce them to the various cultures! Such a wonderful opportunity!
All I can say about GM is it was the best job I ever had. The people, the benefits, the pay was great!!
Loved my jobs there nice people always willing to help. Liked learning new things
nice culture and long history difficult to get promotion for entry-level engineers
As a contractor however, it is hard to move into a full time direct position.
I loved what I did and who I worked with, my first year was a constant change. We went from Lotus Notes 8.5 to Outlook 2013. They also changed 2 other websites I used continuously while hiring and onboarding new employees and managing the floor. I worked for 2 CISO's and 5 other executives and many other directors and managers. I was very busy in not only managing my boss, and my executives, but also all those that were new and trained other admins that needed assistance in learning the new Outlook and Office Suite 2013. I would always tell people instead of learning something new everyday I learned many new things everyday. I loved the challenge and how busy the days were. I organized many events, trips and team building meetings all over the country with our team. I always tried to do things as quickly and as accurately as possible. There was nothing I couldn't do. I always had a way to fix something or find a solution. I surprised many people and they always knew I was there go to person. I had managers that tried to do requests with no response and when I did it I could get it done within a week. I loved that I could do that.
General Motors is striving to be a Workplace of Choice for both existing employees and those that are looking for employment with GM. GM takes great pride in developing and designing the best vehicles that are offered and Customer Care &amp; Aftersales (the division I worked for) provides service and warranty for all component parts.
Warehouse invironment. Learned how cars were built from start to finish. Now closed down
Classics are always good even on tough times. Get to work until the money allows you, get to know great people.
GM is a great work environment with exceptional people to work with. A promising work culture with stand out leadership.
work in car factory, assembling cars, vans, and parts. work on assemble line working power tools.
Long work days, training was poor. Management is based on the good ole boy rules. Hard for a new comer to be successful.
I enjoyed working in a creative environment with very intelligent, creative and diverse teams. It was challenging (especially as we became more global), but very rewarding work. I would go back to this position tomorrow. A typical day could be working in Alias with a designer or an engineer or both to capture theme/design while packaging components/parts. Or working on a clay model, or running cutter paths on the Tarus mill.
Performed FEA tests and made design recommendations for component level and sub-system level parts. Also completed 3D models for design projects.
co-worker always cutting on others to get ahead to managment
I also have a strong knowledge of the quality control procedures which insures customer satisfaction. I worked with all levels of the organization to make my area efficient and meet the production needs on a daily basis.
A typical day is varies I would move anything from haz-mat, test mules and equipment to different testing cells. I was tasked for covering three different complexes using a company vehicle. Assigned to the second shift, I got to work with all the different skill trades,techniciains and engineers. I seldom got see my supervisor due to area coverage. We stayed in contact by radio and cell phone. I worked with a lot of talented people and learn about the process in bringing a truck from hand made parts to the sales floor. The hardest tasked was setting dies for metal model makers as their is no automation here and it has to precise and safety factors involved in the setup.
Prepares work to be accomplished by studying assembly instructions, blueprint specifications, and parts lists\xcd\xbe gathering parts, subassemblies, tools, and materials. \xe2\x97\x8f Positions parts and subassemblies by using templates or reading measurements. \xe2\x97\x8f Assembles components by examining connections for correct fit\xcd\xbe fastening parts and subassemblies. \xe2\x97\x8f Verifies specifications by measuring completed component. \xe2\x97\x8f Resolves assembly problems by altering dimensions to meet specifications\xcd\xbe notifying supervisor to obtain additional resources. \xe2\x97\x8f Keeps equipment operational by completing preventive maintenance requirements\xcd\xbe following manufacturer's instructions\xcd\xbe troubleshooting malfunctions\xcd\xbe calling for repairs. \xe2\x97\x8f Maintains safe and clean working environment by complying with procedures, rules, and regulations. \xe2\x97\x8f Maintains supplies inventory by checking stock to determine inventory level\xcd\xbe anticipating needed supplies\xcd\xbe placing and expediting orders for supplies\xcd\xbe verifying receipt of supplies. \xe2\x97\x8f Conserves resources by using equipment and supplies as needed to accomplish job results. \xe2\x97\x8f Documents actions by completing production and quality forms. \xe2\x97\x8f Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. Skills/Qualifications: Controls and Instrumentation, Equipment Maintenance, Manufacturing Experience, Manufacturing Quality, Mechanical Inspection Tools, Tooling, Safety Management, Quality Focus, Power Tools, Judgment, Decision Making
arrive take 40 calls log them in create cases learned how to be patient  Management needed improvement nice co workers
It was the best job I ever had !! Excellent wages supervison great comaradery with fellow employees. Small group 8 guys. We had great repect for each other. We all shared our years together with our families and growing old!! We worked rotating shifts.this job repuired 24/7 365. Not only did we work the schedule our families did too.5
For new school engineers, it was odd going into an union facility and being told that you cannot have any hands on experience with machinery or the process. I worked with some very intelligent and dedicated people, but I always felt hamstrung in my attempts to better the work centers and processes. On the positive side, I learned a lot about my ability to deal with people and how to achieve win-win situations, otherwise very little could have been accomplished.
Was a great place to work many long days and nights. Good team environment
As an assembler, you are required to be certified at many different assembly positions. At the Lordstown plant, you are required to assemble all of your parts within a 50-60 second window. Typically, you will help build more than 400 cars per shift. The work is sometimes tedious. Ergonomically, you are forced to use just certain parts of your body to assemble the vehicle. This causes a lot of the senior employees into worker compensation claims or FMLA circumstances. There was a lot of artificial stress placed on front-line supervisors from management above. It was not unusual to see foremen fired/removed from their positions, at will, because of conflicts with superiors or an inability to meet criteria or quotas that, more often than not, were not attainable. This pressure from above was sometimes displaced directly upon the workers who did the assembly work. Thus, most employees did not have a favorable impression about any of their superiors. The co-workers were excellent. Most are referred for employment by other family members. The plant was large enough that you didn\'t really have to worry about nepotism. There was a certain comradery because of the demands of the work. The hardest part of the job is getting a routine down so that you could accomplish your tasks within the 50-60 second time frame. During the summer months, you literally would sweat the weight off. Thus, there is this demand that you have to be somewhat physically fit to do the jobs. An unfortunate reality is that upper management has put such pressure on production that nearly every job is so loaded that<span class="review_more_link_container">\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_more_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">more...</a></span><span class="review_more"> you need nearly every 50 to 60 seconds to complete your tasks. This gives you little time to think about what\'s going on, thus, the common idea that most of production employees were "factory rats." Another negative, right now, is that General Motors continues to go through this huge flux for human resources. Literally, it doesn\'t appear that they know what they\'re doing. If you get referred out there, you will be a temporary employee, without any benefits, sometimes for years before being hired full time. Then, if you are hired full time, your seniority doesn\'t begin until your permanent hire date. So, let\'s say you worked there for three years as a temporary employee. You could not use that three years for seniority once you became permanently employed. The UAW isn\'t proactive enough to look out for its employees. It seemed the union had no power whatsoever. Starting pay is low for the type of work you do. There is discussion of perhaps a five tier system under the new CEO. I mean, do they want people to build quality American cars for $8.00 an hour? I\'m not sure what corporate leaders could be thinking. For those who are thinking that General Motors might be a good place to be employed, let\'s just say that the organization is far from what it used to be. The union is prostrate in its efforts and powers. Management can be cruel and mean to the employees, not to mention their own management members. Essentially, you will work for low pay and be expected to work like slaves. Forget any type of employee retention plan. They don\'t have one.\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_less_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">less</a></span>
In my career I have been to four different plants and each was different in their own right. I had to adjust to a new working environment each time,
I love it hear. Relaxed, Fun, Easy going, great pay. GO AMERICA
A typical work day consisted of working with engineers developing project cost and tracking cost for capital equipment for new automobile manufacturing plants in North America.
On a typical day working for General Motors I would take start up parts from each machine and inspect them for any signs of defects. if there were defects I would inform the set-ups of the issues to resolve before they can produce quality parts. Once the machines are approved to run then I would randomly inspect parts during the day to make sure the parts meet the GM standards. One of the first things you learn a lot from inspecting parts is that one minute every part is excellent and the next you have an issue. the good thing about quality is that if I ever had an issue the management was available to hear me out on possible issues. The hardest part of this job is that sometimes your working non-stop and other times you end up with down time. This job was enjoyable for many reasons but the biggest was the fact that I got to interact with all aspects of the parts I inspected and the people involved in their creation.
My last boss taught me the importance of time management, he didn't pull any punches and was extremely deadline driven. His no-nonsense attitude pushed me to work harder, and to meet deadlines I never even thought were possible.
Verify employees are present and clocked in. Place manpower to fill open jobs. Daily meetings with team leaders to review previous day performance. Set-up a plan to make necessary corrections. Communication issues found to other supervisor for them to put a plan in place to cut off and eliminate issues found. Monitor downtime and thru-put to meet daily goals.
May not be a bad place to work as long as you aren't responsible for UAW workers. Most of them are ok, but the minority of radical troublemakers run the place.  Salaried benefits are reduced every year, while UAW benefits are untouchable and its membership are treated like royalty. Example, salaried pensions were frozen during the company's most profitable year.
Enjoyed working for GM over 30 years, I learn many skill sets &amp; took part in many job roles. Had the opportunities to wear many hats over my many year there.
Hard work and I miss it. That is all you need to know. What are you trying to find out?
Always had at least a 40 hr week, I worked on the production line and also worked in the body shop. Great co workers. I enjoyed this job because everything about it was simple show up, do the job youre assigned to until your shift ended.
Assembly of cars, rotation of jobs, team building and working with people. Co-workers were all great. Some jobs were very physical and being on your feet 8 to 10 hours. Rotating jobs was very enjoaible.
Assembly work and machine operations could get tiring but never regretted working there. Enjoyed people that I worked with. Standing for long hours could be hard. Excellent pay.
I really thing working at GM made me respect the next person, because you have to depend on each other to complete your job
Very cut-throat environment. Management is unapproachable, very short-sighted and has corporate amnesia. Poor pay for contractors.
GM is a fantastic place to work, the pay is excellent, as well as the benefits. I loved coming to work everyday. The only reason I left was because they closed the plant or I would still be there.
It was a contract nurse position I got to work if a GM nurse was off work. I went from plant to plant in the Dayton area I enjoyed working at the different locations.
Arrived early , we unloaded trailers of inventory and delivered this inventory to stock areas. We enjoyed the people that we worked with and those that we worked for. The hardest part of the job was working the night shift from time to time. The best part of the job was the people and all of the lifelong friendships that were made.
I started on the assembly line. Than learned how to drive a hi-lo in the shipping and receiving dept. and computer skills. Management was good. Enjoyed all my co-workers. Hardest job was working midnights for three months. Best job was driving the hi-lo I enjoyed it and the pay check.
In all my years working for companies General Motors has been the best for me to work at as the employees treat you like family everyone is respectful and a real joy to go to work at.
I enjoyed working at GM. I had the opportunity to work with and learn from the employees currently working there. I enjoyed being apart of the team building the "Corvette". I enjoyed the group of employees I worked with there. I worked with a number of employees from different parts of the country and made several new friends. The most difficult part of my job was distributing parts to the assembly line in a timely manner to ensure production was not intrupted. I was given the opportunity to learn and run eleven different routes. I worked there for seven months but my assignment ended.You may contact my employer, as I had a good working relationship with management.
The typical day revolves around the clock managing operations that have a high impact on the company\xe2\x80\x99s bottom line. I learned a lot in the 14 years on what it takes to be an effective leader and the importance of process compliance. The most challenging part of the job was the interaction with a very demanding senior union leadership. The most enjoyable part was working with my management team, watching them grow in their jobs, and learning how to be successful in their positions.
To large a company. It was fun and there was always something new happening. Until they filed bankruptcy.
great place to work on the assemble line. every body there form management to the floor sweeper was cool
Above average workplace for Compensation, job security and advancement
As security, i am limited to the information i put out, but the job it self was very easy, i never had any challenges there. I would patrol the buildings inside and out, check all safety requirements, be a first res ponder and dispatcher to emergencies, and write daily logs of what was done every hour, answer and direct phone calls. Drive injured/ sick employees to the nearest hospital and back to work when they are done.  I learned about fire and saftey, aed, cpr, first resopnse  Most of the employees are nice to work with. That is the best part of the job, is getting to know the employees.  For the security department, the most you can make as a officer is $12 pr/hr, even if you have been there for more than 5 years, as you start off at $10 pr/hr. There is really no advancement, and for everything you do, its not worth $10 pr/hr... There is always MANDATORY over time, but you have to pay close attention to your pay checks every week as you ALWAYS get shorted.  I was forced by the company to go on disability for pregnancy restrictions, when i was cleared for full duty, i was told i no longer had my job.
Worked here for 8 years started from the bottom to a GM,learned a lot from this job and this is where i learned my management skills.
Good experience and training opportunities. Not so good future plans at the company as most the products can be made in other countries that have competitive costs that reduce that ultimately will reduce long term employment and job security. Long hours that deprive home life and family involvement. When choosing a career with this company, plan on working many long hours, with little home time... Great for the single person, but not for the family oriented individuals.
While at GM I received good exposure to the automotive industry. My management was supportive and so were my co-workers. However, it was not a very team oriented environment. The hardest part of the job was the lack of job security and the unknown future direction of the company.
typical day was assisted with assembling trucks by putting my parts on within 60 seconds every truck I learned theirs nit a I in Team Management was proficient and always let us new what they wanted and when Co workers was excellent hardest part of the job is working at a steady pace all day long the most enjoyable part of the job was learning about vehicles and traveling
A typical day at work involves inspecting parts as they come out of a press and making sure there are no defects. I learned how to inspect these parts, load them and tag the contains properly. I also learned how to repair some of these parts. Management here is good, however, they don't always follow though with what they advise they will follow through with. My co-workers were like my family. We all looked out for the well being of each other. The hardest part of the job was the tedious work, making sure every part is up to standards, and the labor aspect of the job. The most enjoy part of the job was leaving everyday knowing that I caught a bad part and I was able to remove it from production before it made it any further.
Customer Service at a General Motors call center. Great environment and staff! Truly enjoyed working here.
I picked parts which was super fun. I worked with awesome people and had fun. The management was so-so.
was a great place to work. work was hard at times,but soon would become easier. was general line assemlby work, learned to work at a fast pace and be accurate and consistant. management was usually great would work with you if you needed. loved my co-workers! great people, would help out if necessary and be there whenever they could. hardest part was long hours and sometimes the job you may have to do if you were a floater. the atmosphere was wonderful to work in
Inbound/Outbound call center, laison between customer and GM dealerships. provided assistance and process some reimbursements. offer forms of help to satisfy the customer and followed up on follow ups to make sure customer satisfied with resolution.
1) very busy with multiple projects, learned about both metal &amp;plastic parts 2) management is very encouraging 3) nice place to work 4) hardest part of job is sometimes it takes 13 hours a day
Great company to work for. Union environment and that keeps confusion about promotions a non-factor.
This is the place where I put everything I learned in school into practice and grew from there.
Great company to work for during my 30 years of service that enabled me to excel in many areas.
I learned new things every week, i enjoyed working with this company
Like two different worlds from an assembly line to working in material management in assembly treated you like a slave. In material management was down to earth and friendly
I have been working for them for almost two years. I would not recommend anyone else to go to them. The pay is great for starters but this is NOT union ran, more so "all about management". Do NOT work for this place.
My job pays well. However there is no room for advancement. I have completed my education with hopes of moving up into the management side of operations. The work at my job is repititve movement and it's automatic. If you're looking for a way to provide for your family, then this place is amazing, but if you're on the constant hunger for challenge then it isn't.
Enjoyed my job. Good Hourly and salary employees. Strong union envolvement that sometimes made the job hard.
GM was always there for me and provided my Family a great life style.
Stable work with good pay. Overall a good work enviorment. Extremely competitive
I never had to work weekends unless I wanted extra money!!!! I was paid weekly!!
My day usually begans with achecking of equipement, how to do various things from building an auto to inspecting,at gm the were a lot of people that I met along the way some remain as friends till this day, I enjoyed moving to diffrent cities through out the world
Very busy with running the assembly line, everyone was very nice and it made the day go very good. I really don't have anything to complain about other than when finding out the plant was closing.
A typical work day at GM. Enter the tin shop and unlock the tool boxes and start on the jobs from the previous day. I would take walk in maintenance jobs take calls by pager or cell phone for any problems on the floor production lines. the jobs would range from small things to maintenance jobs that required much time with shift follow up. When working construction we would build off blue prints when available and if not just do our own design work. We would do anything from 4 in. to 48 in. pipe work ventilation systems. Quality would be a continuous part of days as we were always working around solving any problem with the Engineers. We were safety specialist and also ergonomics specialists helping to solve potential injuries for the line workers. We never knew exactly what we were going to do in a typical day we were very diversified in our training.A tinsmith does not just bend tin.
I am so glad that I had a chance to work at this great company! But I have my BA in Sport Science and Physical education so I really wan at to get back to that field, that is all!
I was on the final Inspection line and I enjoyed all the people I worked with and I loved the challenge
worked in plant installing carpet, seats, dvd systems, windshields, doors, motors in cars
A good place to work . had fun learning experience assembling and running big machinery
I hSix month internship as a technician working in Body Test Lab in front \xe2\x80\x93 rear and side closures. \xe2\x80\xa2 Handle, lock, latch-assemble, set up, tear down, measurements, documentation. \xe2\x80\xa2 Door slam- assemble, set up, tear down, measurements, documentation. \xe2\x80\xa2 Fuel door test-wrote program for testing, \xe2\x80\xa2 Windows durability-observation and documentation \xe2\x80\xa2 PLC programming- Nano Navigator flow charting to write tests. \xe2\x80\xa2 Trouble shooting skills \xe2\x80\xa2 Efforts and travel measurements \xe2\x80\xa2 Environmental chambers \xe2\x80\xa2 Load cells, torque wrenches, sensors \xe2\x80\xa2 Proficiency in Microsoft Office and PowerPoint ave learned so much in the six months that I have been an intern at GM.
I enjoyed working for GM. They had many good people, but the opportunities were few and the pay was not as competitive.
The definition of insanity applies here. Great job, pay-wise, but the brick wall I keep banging my head into is getting harder.
PPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP
My supervisor was very helpful, along with the people that I worked with. I learned something new everyday about the machine I was working on. I was a coremaker and ran a Loramendi S.A. cold box. The hardest part of the job was learning to run the cold box. I made cores for engine blocks. I also did some heavy processing and work in different areas of the plant. The most enjoyable part of the job, was learning a new set of skills. I also enjoyed meeting and learning about my new co employees.
learned many skills had some good management. Great co workers. most enjoyable part of job was some of the interesting challenges. Hardest part was leaving.
Enjoyed my time at GM. Good working conditions and good pay and benefits. Would have liked day hours, but that's the breaks.
Good company, good people, long days, kind of borning work but worth the money.
A typical day at work is spent trying to make forward progress on projects in which leveraged teams and stakeholders are key to the projects success. Obtaining project funding can be very difficult and onerous. There are always many competing interests for resources. Your projects may not always align with the priorites of other projects, depending on the IT verticals priorities and your dependencies on them.  I learned that political acumen is the most important thing at GM, balancing the needs of other stakeholders and maintaining a measured steady approach to your work and the tasks at hand to be successful.  The best part of the job is the relationships you will make along the way  The hardest part of the job is the inordinate amount of churn that develops trying to get work completed. There is still a long way to go before the culture embraces the 'TeamGM' concept.
GM is a great place to work if you are a direct employee but for all contractors are not because they work hard but receive no benefit.
I usually run reports in the morning and then head out to 1 or 2 dealerships a day. To make a business contact and go over current programs and promotions. We try to come up with a new plan or process for what they are deficient in or where I might see an opportunity for more sales.  The job is high paced and constantly evolving. This is what I enjoy the most is that every day is a different issue or opportunity to excel. The toughest part of the job is when sales are down and knowing that you are exhausting every resource and tool you have with in your control.  Co-workers and management are there to help but everyone has a ton on their plate and everyone works from home so no office type of environment.  The job has improved my presentation and phone skills immensely due to all the drive time and consulting with dealers.
MANAGEMENT GOOD CO WORKERS GOOD TYPICAL DAY BUSY BUT I LIKE THAT
GM was one of the most rewarding jobs I could ever explore. This job not only taught me how to put on parts but also taught me how to work in an management skills as well as leadership.
stand by a machine and push buttons all day shift may change at any time with one days notice mandatory overtime on week ends and evenings
Great compensation. No benefits, contract position excellent work environment short term contract position. no job security Friendly and effective management team
Life at General Motors was typical that the expectation of the day were known ahead of time depending on your job or jobs. During the years of working there quality classes necessity. On two different occasions had the chance to be a Team Leader. Received lock out keys for machinery if needed millwrights. Repairs on motors if machines rejected motors in case of human error. Gave quality speech to six fellow employees. Breaks if needed while the line running. Helped with the start up of a new line. During that time gave opinions on how to ergonomically correct and efficient way to put on different parts of the motor throughout the line. Tore down and rebuild motors. Used the word uniformed because while the appearance of the lines changed it would change throughout the plant. Once working on one of the lines with certain parts although the part will be larger or smaller they almost always had the same concept of how they do the job. Management changed during the course of years although at times certain managers would ask specifically for you. 1993-1995 temporary full time employee and 1998 summer help. Called again permanent hire 1999.
learned how to build cars, how they work, hardest part was to learn how to assemble a car while you are walking, once you learned to get the pace down it was enjoyable. learned what it meant to have good work ethics
Great company to work for meeting good people they are will to help each other in time of need
Great job if you enjoy being on your feet a lot. Keeps you busy, you're up and active. Enjoyed working with everyone Really helped in showing me the importance of safety for yourself and others
Support their online application Run mainframe jobs  Month end cycle Resolving incident tickets
I would also like to be considered for an assembly job. I would like to work 1st or 3rd shift.  I have team player skills. I have worked with GM financial managers team. My co-workers seem to like me. The hardest part of my job is dead lines, pressure, but up for the challenge to get the job done.  The most enjoyable part is getting the job done. Having someone say well done.
Working for General Motors was very educational. I learned about the importance of safety in the workplace and Putting the customer first. The moto there was, "Quality creates Customer Enthusiam!" So, everyone took there job serious and had pride in there work. I had to learn all the jobs in my area just in case someone called off sick or if someone didn\'t put a part on the truck correctly I had to chase the truck down and correct the problem before it got to GM\'s Quality Department. I cheked all the equipment at the start of the shift and made sure everyone had the supplies they needed. It wook me about five years to get this position. I liked the freedom of doing something different and learning new things. The hardest part of the job was learning a new skill but that only lasted about a day. The most enjoyable part was meeting interesting people and management always encouraged us to summit ideas to make the company better, and if they used your idea they would pay you. GM also provided the uniform t-shirts so it made it easy to decide what to wear to work. It was nice looking like everyone else too. Management kept us updated on safety issues, production, money bonuses, and our healthcare benfits.
My responsibility during my tenure was always the well being of our employees. By and large, my title, Health and Safety supervisor, allowed me to be constructive and innovative in offering the safest place for all employees to work. I trained at the OSHA Institute, implementing training programs in concert with OSHA, conducted Safety training meetings, invited guest speakers, interacted with management, employees, health department, etc. I coordinated the safe operation of plant equipment. I worked well with my union partner. The last two years of my tenure with General Motors, I was one of eighteen (9 management and 9 union) that trained and received certification to travel the country teaching Occupational Ergonomics ... a 40-hour class. I couldn't have asked for a better assignment to end my career with General Motors, as I was offered an early retirement package which I accepted.
Even though most of my jobs were "temp" jobs, this was an excellent experience working with union and executives to ensure healthy and safe environment for workers
I was the administrative assistant to the Chief Information Officer at GM Powertrain. Retired October 31, 2008.
I loved my job when except the last 2 years. Got new management and they did not live up to the expectations as being in management.
I worked the line. How to assemble things on A moving line. I had foremen's some good some bad. Worked with many different folks some good some bad some in between. Hours of boring work standing on cement or steel . Sometimes I would get A repair job which was good. But when I got enough time in to get A good job at GM they where always cutting back.
Keeping in contact with customers and dealership. Reviewing recall for customer and scheduling appointments.
Working on a line is very physical and the jobs are extremely busy and a person is exhausted on a daily basis and hurts everyday. The salary is good and working with people is good.
I had to prove myself everyday with my co-workers from my first day of my apprenticeship. Being I worked with all men. I loved the challenge, and the rewards. It was not an easy job, I had to get fit and stay fit to do this job with all the heavy equipment, and tools used to maintain all the chillers and cooling towers, cooling machines. I also maintained all coolers ice machines, freezers in the cafe's in plants. It was never boring, and learned something new every day. It was a very rewarding job. I was very happy doing this job, and was very happy retiring from doing this job. : ))
Good Management Good Team work Lots to learn Typical working hours Great Technology Implementing new Technology
STARTED AT GENERAL MOTORS IN 1978 BEFORE THE BUILDING WAS EVEN BUILT. STARTED IN EMPLOYMENT HIRING 3 SHIFTS. MOVED TO LABOR RELATIONS AND HELPED NEGOTIATE CONTRACTS WITH THE UAW. ENDED UP IN THE BENEFITS SECTION-WORKERS COMPENSATION ADJUSTOR--WORKING WITH ATTORNEY'S, GOING TO COURT, HANDLING ALL 5,000 UAW WORKERS COMPENSATION CLAIMS, WORKING WITH SAFETY AND ERGONOMICS ABOUT INJURIES. PLANT SHUT DOWN.
The company was struggling to stay profitable, too much politics to be dealt with.
Focus on producing electronics controllers and assemblies for General Motors and other OEMs. Workforce is extremely focused on building quality products and meeting delivery schedules while attention to minimizing factory cost.
A place to grow for change. Nice people to be around for part of the day.
I work in a factory, I currently work on a surfance mount production line.I also perform various tasks related to the auto assembly process. I train new existing employees, collaborate with team memebers oversea other jobs and skills.The enjoyable parts of my job is knowing that Im being helpful and useful in my day to day task.
It a great company to work for and being part of the union provided even more benefits,
Daily interaction with fellow employees in daily work very enjoyable. Inventory management a daily pleasure. Being able to be productive in a fast paced environment was enjoyable.
