\xef\x83\xbc\tPlayed a key role in the development of reports using Web intelligence. \xef\x83\xbc\tInvolved in the creation of Hyperlink reports, drilled reports, summary reports and used the various components of table formats and templates. \xef\x83\xbc\tPlayed a key role in the Universe development.
great place to work and people are very nice. would love to go back and work but children are here is Colorado. The dealership is ready to help with your wants and needs.
handling 30 plus calls a day working with customers who have warrantys on thier brand new cars filing contracts for customers who warranty expires
Commonly my day usually consists of working on the assembly line at a consistent rate of speed until the line got better then we grew faster together so much communication and being sociable with people was required. I learned how to repair units around a group of good ppl
There is no structure in the organization and the upper management doesn't provide a clear vision of the company or give direction on the initiatives that are needed to growth both professionally and socially.  The business units don't communicate or share knowledge which often result in projects being delayed or as seen most of the time being released without the basic requirements.
Started working near Christmas time, so business was ok during those days. Afterwards, there are hardly any customers which is frustrating when your pay is 100% commission based. The dealership I worked at had a draw against commission pay system, where the draw check would consist of minimum wage.  Most of the management were people that I simply could not respect and had no desire to follow, especially with all of their cursing and racial comments. In terms of selling, one manager was particularly good and I respected his ability to negotiate but that\'s the only positive thing I have to say.  The co-workers are a mix of people in between jobs and people that simply have no other choice but to work in automotive sales. Many conduct themselves unprofessionally and even unethically, promising whatsoever to customers just to get them to come into the dealership when they cannot follow through. Many, also try to take advantage of the new employees. Only a rare few of the veterans were willing to help the new employees without asking for something in return.  The hours are a bit unreasonable, considering how the job is 100% commission based. I do not see a reason why it is necessary to keep a sales staff of almost 40 people on the clock when the amount of customers walking in each day, especially during the slow season, is about less than 10. On the busiest Saturdays that I\'ve seen, having half of the sales staff would still suffice. Having this many sales reps creates too much internal competition and dilutes the earning potential. More than half the workers are merely getting minimum wage, which still must be "paid back" through commissions.  I will say that the random shenanigans between coworkers, such as prank calls to each others\' desk phones, was probably the only enjoyable thing and something you won\'t get to experience in a more professional job.
Go in at 6 am talked with co-workers let them know what the day holds any problems any changes. Management came in around 8 am report to him about what might be going on for the day. Send him daily reports on previous day. Make calls for daily pick up enter some data. The hardest part of the day would be if we were behind and the drivers would panic. Most enjoyable part would be when the drivers were having a good day and moods were high. Part of my daily personal job was to make sure my men were ok and had no issues. Made sure they were happy. Happy people make great workers.
Honda is a good company.. it is an automobile company... Theirs cars give good millages.. It also sell spare parts... It was my good experience to work with honda
assembled Honda's by putting parts in the car such as speakers, dashboards,seat belts, also primering the window areas for when the windows would be installed. Transfered to the weld department and mig welded doors that were missing welds not applied by the robots. Also kept track of weld checks every 30 units also appiled sealer in certain areas. Also kept track of vin numbers and how long till the next change over till the next model. Also did quality checks on sealer appilication and check welds to make sure there was not any blow hole which could cause issues
Wash cars, vacuum, clean windows, scrub interior or cars. I have learned how to use a buffer to remove scratches on paint. The management seems not to care about the employees unless they are a useful asset to company income. My coworkers are full of enjoyment. The hardest part of my job is knowing there is no chance of advancement.
Very interesting and challenging work, Working on and measuring proto type Honda and Acura parts. Learned that data is a very very important when doing research and development. Co- workers very friendly and helpful. Management was very helpful and involved in work process and answering questions.
Manager was Respectful, fair , and understanding. The job felt like a family environment. I learned how to record data on car problems and how to do rotations,high speed balances, inspections, battery tests, and overall check ups on car parts and body condition.
Too politically correct.There are too many entitled employees that work there.
Honda is a great company full of professionals that took the time to help me develop skills that would further my success.  I learned how to read financial statements, organize meetings, prepare reports, negotiate and manage my time appropriately at Honda.  The hardest part of the job was the learning curve as this was my first administrative and first corporate job.  The most enjoyable part of the job was enjoying all the fun activities on campus with coworkers. Who wouldn't enjoy a photo op with Paul Tracy and Dario Franchitti?
I learn how to pick up my speed each time. Management is very organized. My co-workers were friendly and helpful. Hardest part of the job was keeping concentration on repeating the same job over and over.
loved everything in general about it. nice friendly co workers always willing to help each other out. fast paced environment.
Lots of great students and contracted speakers/teachers.
A typical day at work constantly consist of the same function repeatedly each day. I've learned to always acknowledge your wrongs' and move forward. I enjoy all my co-workers, and there numerous personalities.The hardest part about working here is the heat. Eventually you become immune to it. I enjoyed the holidays off and extra paid off.
I enjoyed the job and my co-workers, I did stuff i had never done before, It was the first time i worked on a moving production line like that, took some getting used to. Hardest part of job is probably the swing shifts
A typical day starts at 6:30 and ends at 3pm but sometimes work over until 4pm. I am on a 4 way rotation in my area and my job requires me to apply sealer on the cars so they do not have water leaks. I have learned that everyone needs to work together as a team to get a car done properly. Co-workers make the job easier and more fun to come into work each day. The ones who you work with daily, you get to know them personally and they become like family to you. They are supportive and help you out online. The hardest part of the job is that you only have a limited amount of time to get each car done for your process. The most enjoyable part of the job would be having co-workers there to talk with and make the day go faster.
honda is a good company to work.I dont understand why i have to write this review , if i dont want to give review why are you forcing me to do that.
Meet and greet people all day, listening to their needs and helping them through the sales process. Awesome co-workers who always helped out. Sales managers who trained well. Owner/Manager always present and working the business. Dealership has all cars displayed indoors making the buying process of a car enjoyable. The hardest part of being in auto sales is overcoming the stigma related to the old process...the pushy car salesman.
good temp position- collecting on car loans- no ability to be hired as perm
American Honda is a company with multiple warehouses over the US. The company services dealerships, and daily orders are picked and shipped; while at the same time product is coming in the door. They have a very strict way to run production, but that is needed to get the product out the door in a timely manner to meet the expectations of the customer. From working at American Honda I have learned how to manage time, learned how to control inventory or find it when it goes missing, and I have learned how to be a part of a team. Internally there is constant communication between management and associates.  I highly recommend this company to others who are striving to find a career.
The general Manager and owner of the company was very hands on with his staff and very motivating. Alwasy posuing his staff to excell in whatever they do.
GOOD TO PROVIDE SUPPORT LEARN TECHNOLOGY UNDERSTANDINGS GOOD WORK CULTURE.
Sold motorcycles, off road vehicles, watercraft (boats, jet skis) for a dealership carrying four top brands. Learned the art of rapport building, needs assessment, negotiation, and deal closing Great general manager that truly had employees best interest at heart. Upbeat, hard working co-workers. Hardest part of job was income potential and questionable ownership. This was a fun job! I loved the product and believed in it, and my manager was the best I've ever had.
Great pay and benefits, but you work hard and long hours for it. Rotating shifts (2 weeks days 2 weeks nights) is bad. Learning how to weld was fun, after I finally mastered it. Management is extremely focused on production. 99% of co-workers are good people. The 1% is just irritating. Some of the work stations are very demanding but you must keep-up. Mig welding was fun after I got good at it. Making good looking welds is satisfying.
Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Management not friendly Not very good communication between staff and especially between shifts
A typical day at Honda Lock would be at the start of shift to check, machines and air pressure to make sure the line is performing properly. After that I check work order to see what is shipping and concur that we are equipped with the amount of parts to fill the order. My responsibility is to record all finish good products at the end of the shift and document it.
If you like racing, this is your place to work! especially with all the perks meeting with the racecar drivers after the grandprix.
Research and Trouble Shoot Customer Plant concerns. Presentation and organization Skills. Co-workers are well to work with
The work environment is good but if you are not a Honda associate, it is made very notable. A lot of company activities are for associates only. Excludes people that have been there for several years but as temps and contractors.
i learned how to sign a bill of lading and a new computer software that they use also the rf scannergun.
Cleaning Cars and checking air pressure in tires. My coworkers were the best we build strong relationships. Hardest part of the is buffing cars. The most enjoyable part was test driving the cars.
if you work through a temporary work force through honda , you can forget about adavancement. very picky about cleaning. YOU WILL get fired if you dont clean a little dust off a computer or anything and this is a friggin receving dock with bugs and leaves blowing in all the time!
Typical dealership shop and management. Nothing more to be said. Managed 12 technicians, most were excellent. Pay was just above minimum wage.
working on production line how to make four-wheelers working on the line putting the parts together to make the four-wheelers work had really great coworkers the hard part using your hands a lot I loved what I done on a every day base
Repeditive work day, and small amount of wiggle room. They will expect more than is reasonable in a given amount of time.
supportive, hardworking associates that have a passion for sales and the auto industry. Also great work life balance!
Obseryed machine operation to detect work piece defects or machine malfunctions, adjusting machines as necessary. . lnspected work pieces for defects, and measure work pieces to determine accuracy of machine operation. Maintained work area for safety and cleanliness.
Operating power tools and assembling parts on an assembly line.
Scheduler working at the Honda site as a contractor for various agencies, the last two years for CDI Corp. This is a ZOS/IBM mainframe environment that interfaces with UNIX, Window NT servers and AS400 system. Responsibilities include monitoring the system, with ability to analyze and resolve production or system problems in order to optimize system efficiency, other duties include submitting Adhoc requests, JCL troubleshooting, reran/restart of failed jobs. Interface with programming/systems staff to resolve abends for either batch or system. Software tools used to accomplish this are ZEKE/ZEBB, ZENA, JOBTRAC and TSO/ISPF, MVS commands and IBM HMC console. PC skills include using Word and Lotus Notes.
Best knowledge sharing place Teamwork and good Management Co-workers is helping nature hardest part is nothing and most enjoyable part of the job is working with team
Management is great, they are always willing to work with you.
I would get my safe gear on then see what my quota for the day was then i would get started. I always took my first break but never the second that way I would stay a head. After I finshed my parts for the day i would go to my team leader to get put on another machine to run those parts.I learned 4 machines in one wk because im not stand around person.The company pays for me to work so thats what i want to do.
I enjoyed working for Honda. It was a clean and fairly organized and not a stressful environment
Answer phones and operate a switchboard. Route calls to specific people. Answer inquiries about company. Greet visitors warmly and make sure they are comfortable. Call persons waiting for visitor and book them a room to meet in. Schedule meetings and conference rooms. Make coffee and set out food. Ensure reception area is tidy. Coordinate mail flow in and out of office. Coordinate office activities. Handle phone calls from people calling in sick. Gather personal and insurance information. Hand out employee applications. Arrange appointments. Cash out people when necessary. Validate parking tickets. Give visitors badges and direct them to where they can sign in. Issue parking passes. Send email and faxes. Collect and distribute parcels and other mail. Perform basic bookkeeping, filing, and clerical duties. Prepare travel vouchers. Take and relay messages. Update appointment calendars. Schedule follow-up appointments.
Good place for a job. Not so much for a career. Management often has weak direction for projects and seldom listen to engineers innovative ideas. If you are a follower this is the place for you. If you want to innovate and work in a place with cutting edge technology look elsewhere.
I really did enjoyed my time at honda is was i great plant to work for i hated that my job was ended there i was working there temp
\xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in Design, Development, and Testing and Deployment phases of Software Development Life Cycle. Actively participated in System Study and analyzing user requirements. \xe2\x80\xa2 Created admin screens and transactional screens such as operations and compliance disposition screens which have heavy traffic.
Everything about this job is being able to do the best work possible. If you love detailing cars and making them look their best then this is the perfect job for you.
rewarding work to ensure honda perfection and importance of proper installation of parts
I learned how to talk to people. truly listen and find their needs.
learn how the inter workings of making a car its really fun how it is done the work day is fun until something breaks down
PQT / RI \xe2\x80\xa2Perform incoming inspection of build to print purchased parts. \xe2\x80\xa2Processes and analyzes defects from production, service and supply chain. \xe2\x80\xa2Perform all analytical and physical testing of in process and finished products. \xe2\x80\xa2Perform Lab equipment verification and oversees calibration activities. \xe2\x80\xa2Assist in continuous manufacturing efficiency improvements by analyzing work flow, equipment, layout, ergonomics, and product assembly. \xe2\x80\xa2Keep equipment operational by coordinating preventative maintenance schedule; following manufacturer's instructions and established procedures; requesting special service. \xe2\x80\xa2Provide shop floor support to resolve daily product and process related issues. \xe2\x80\xa2Ensure critical to quality characteristics are identified on drawings; and develops inspection plans for supplied materials. \xe2\x80\xa2Verifie that effective corrective action is taken to eliminate the root causes of systemic problems in design and production. \xe2\x80\xa2Assist with R&amp;D testing as needed. \xe2\x80\xa2Perform data analysis related to inspection and defects.
Made and packaged Honda parts. 12 hour shifts. Managers and co workers were nice and helpful. Hardest part was staying busy. Very slow production. Easiest was the assembly line.
working for honda was a task because it was my first real job that i obtained, but it gave me the tools to proceed forward in dealing with people, overall it was a good experience
working for honda was a task because it was my first real job that i obtained, but it gave me the tools to proceed forward in dealing with people, overall it was a good experience
Great place to work at great people around nice work area the management are great leaders.
i worked from 5 pm to 1am loading car parts to be shipped to honda dealers. it was really hard moving the transmissions into the cages. i learned that i was really good at packing the cages efficently. i got along really well with my manager and coworkers.
Typical day was sorting and delivering mail. Shipping and receiving via UPS,FEDEX,DHL, USPS and other carriers. Assisting customers in preparation of shipments and running copy jobs.  Co-workers and the people in the company site we worked at were very nice and made the job enjoyable. Management dropped the ball when the site closed and the account manager did not have a site to place me. Also, there was no upward movement.  The company did provide very good benefits, although the pay was minimal.
use of hand tools and air tools, fast pace environment, friendly atmosphere!
Excellent management and fairly flexible hours. Job includes arranging the dealership's cars on the lot, driving traded cars between dealerships, accompanying customers on test drives and occasionally explaining features to new buyers.
My typical work day starts off with putting together contracts from the night before and going over documents to make sure we have all the necessary requirements to get the deal funded. I manage schedules and adjust deals to zero out balances. I purchase new inventory and input into our data base. I handle the accounting end of swaps which are deals between dealerships and wholesales. At Honda I learned how to multitask, how important it is to be organized, and very throw. Management and co-workers are great and very helpful and understanding. The fact that employees spend a lot of time together develops a different bond then any normal job setting. The hardest part of the job would have to be not having corporation with banks, other dealers basically all outside parties. Most enjoyable part of this job problem solving. Meaning figuring out schedules and making sure the zero out. Overall it really is a great place to work.
The hardest part of the job is dealing with irrate callers but the enjoyable part is talking to different friendly associates each day and different lobbies.
made the best of everyday.. I worked at beginning of line and kept it going every day
I enjoyed my job working for this organization and enjoyed the customer base
My typical day at work working for Honda I had to make over 125 phone calls a day. Making sure that I made over 10 appointments a day for customers. Also made sure that my customers was well taking care of at will times. When I got an incoming call followed my script to make sure I can bring the customers in so they can buy the car. While working there I learned how to become more persuading when I'm talking to someone over the phone also in person. The management was had its ups and downs. I liked it because it was a stress free environment however there was a lot of favoritism to make very complicated because you would make as much call also your appointments however there would have someone who don't do any work and have higher numbers then you. That would make you look as in your not working at all. The best part of my day that I like the most is when I am able to help a customer out and give them great customer service so they can tell there friends about us. I always want to work somewhere that people would leave happy and have a great experience. Most of my co-working was great to work with however some of them just felt like that was better then the rest because they was favored my the manager.
Working for Honda was challenging but worthwhile. They offered a fairly good pay to those willing to do the job, but their was not a lot of room for advancement. The hardest part of the job would be the fact that the work is endless, but the most enjoyable part would be working for a good cause: helping the company to go green.
I worked here for 5 years. This job will kill your soul. If 20 an hour is worth being treated like garbage this job is for you. It starts at 15 and then progresses to 20 after 2 years. Honda seems like a decent job at first. Some of the things that sound great are the money, seniority not coming first for job growth, overtime if your into it, extensive safety programs, health insurance and etc. But then you realize is it worth having this crazy rotating shift schedule. You think wow I\'m going to be rewarded for hard work and if some worthless employee that applies for a promotion but has been there longer won\'t be treated any better. Then you realize this no seniority is really just in place to circumvent hard work and seniority and pick favorites. If you question management decisions you put an x on yourself. It\'s best to just keep your mouth shut and get walked on. You might get some pot luck if you are mindless. Then the safety programs sound great but then you realize it\'s just in place to blame you when your expected to work in sweatshop conditions. Your going to need that insurance when you realize they\'re running your body in the ground and the company is quick to be careless about it. There is a positive outcome for this job in some situations. Use it so that your significant other can become educated and make decent money or if you take this job there\'s some pot luck for new hires. I seen some new hires walk in the door and get a job doing absolutely nothing for the most part. Why this happens I don\'t know. Be the best blank kisser ever. There\'s even a little pot luck<span class="review_more_link_container">\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_more_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">more...</a></span><span class="review_more"> in that. Hopefully if you take that route your team coordinator is also a blank kisser or this probably won\'t go anywhere. In conclusion most of the people that are satisfied with this job are people that are in a point in there life where they have no hope in ever finding anything better, pot luck, or be the biggest blank kisser ever. This job would be a lot better if there was some kind of real science for promotions and if the management including team coordinators sincerely earned there positions. 90% of the management never deserved there promotions sadly. They care nothing about you or the community it\'s Hondas way of promoting there company. Everything thing is pretty much a lie.\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_less_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">less</a></span>
A typical day for me at Honda consisted of opening the service department and getting all the required things needed for the day. I would cash out a customers bill, file paper and electronically, keep inventory. My coworkers were very friendly and personable. My manager didn't do very well at managing my coworkers and I, this caused the majority of my coworkers and myself to step up and take responsibility. The best part of my job would be communicating with the customers and making there days brighter.
you are there to work not play but it was very interesting.There is no time for playing around....work,work,work...
Management is very good to employees. Left for personal reasons and to look for better opportunities.
Fast pace, hard work, and long hours yet under paid. Not a great environment
hard work because it was so repetitive, very hard on the body
This company does not have the salesman's best interest at heart and they are only concerned with there bottom line.
Assembly line consist of continuous rotation. I learned how to gas fill here it was a challenge
Assist service consultants and technicians with any warranty questions. Assist with special projects, audits and reports as requested.
Customer Service corporate setting with a variety of duties to include working with top management, vendors, dealerships, general public and administrative duties. Every day was a learning experience which I totally enjoyed!
Is a nice job but has rotating shift.. and working in this company you work with alot of nice people
ALWAYS LEARNED SOMETHING NEW WITH BUILDIND NEW CARS AND NEW MODELS ITS ALWAYS A NORMAL DAY OF WHAT WE DO IT REALLY DOESN'T CHANGE THE PEOPLE ARE VERY HELPFUL AND SERIOUS WHEN IT COMWS TO WORK NOTHING IS REALLY HARD UNLESS YOU MAKE IT THAT WAY AND THE MOST ENJOYABLE PART IS WHEN YOU GET TO SEE THE CAR U MADE ON THE ROAD AND YOUR PAYCHECK AT THE END OF THE WEEK.
day starts off with daily meeting, you make sure you have all your parts for that day or for the ATV's you will be handling
Working at Honda as an intern was a FUN and POSITIVE experience! They have awesome facilities including a cafeteria and Gym, as well as club and "extracurricular" activities for their employees. I was also heavily involved in work, learning a lot in their internship program. I honed skills and have a better understanding of marketing. Most importantly, all Honda Associates were VERY nice, and they all made me feel like part of the team. I am very fortunate to have had an internship at Honda.
Great Product Internet sales call customers set appts. Sale Honda products
\xe2\x80\xa2 Documenting corporation's compliance to SOX (JSOX) standards. \xe2\x80\xa2 Assisted in developing audit plans, documentation projects, testing and remediation. \xe2\x80\xa2 Conducted various technical reviews.
It was difficult to work here. They do not have a pastry program and of course being specialized in the field many ingredients were not readily available. If you are looking for something that isn\'t a 9am-5pm job this is a good place. I would recommend it for a second job. You have a scheduled "Prep Day" and then the day of an event.
Honda really cares about their employees. Every thing the employees need is on the campus of Honda.
The job is commission based so if you want to make a paycheck you have to work for it. Your workday is 8am to 6pm. We work in a bay with no air condition. Coming in on your day off for 2 hours to close twice a week is at a disadvantage for me. I would also like a more reliable source of income.
On a typical day at Honda you will get a 100-150 calls and 4-6 present customers every half an hour but it doesn't make it less fun or manageable to work there. The co-workers always make it easier because everybody is doing their jobs. The only down side is when a co-worker gets distracted and loses their concentration, the most enjoyable part is when a satisfied customer gives references of you to your manager and people that become your new customers.
I enjoyed my time at Honda and learned a lot about the automotive business.
easy going fun place to work. they placed you in an area that usually fit you. everyone was easy going and fun to work with
Management contradicts one another, they do not want employees to have more hours on the clock than schedule but would ask the employees to work with out beeing on the clock. I could go on for ever, but these are just some examples of very poor management and decision making managers, not to mention harrasment by Senior management.
I enjoyed working at Honda when I first started but when I got to know the management I slowly started not liking it. Very dishonest. I was offered a higher position with a raise the day I started and a 2nd raise after 60days of being in that position. When I approached my boss about my raise he laughed at me. The company isnt large enough to be giving raises out. I therefore told him I can no longer work for them without a raise. I am a single mom and need to be making good money. Though I am very thankful for some of the things I have learned while working there. I will not work for liars and people who do not look out for their employees.
it was the biggest mistake leaving that company had great benefits, nice bonus good management, very well organized operation
I used to work monday to friday, One week daytime and one nighttime shift( 6:05a.m to 3:35 pm and late shift 4:15pm to 2:45 pm).I learned lot of things usually we all learning everyday of our life.Very good management,Working with co-workers as team is great for motivation and ideas also moral in the work place growth and job satifaction.Nothing is too hard for me,I always going easy.I am enjoying at my work place,always trying.
A typical day included routine office work and interacting with customers, co-workers, venders and salesmen. I enjoyed working with my co-workers, and the management was very professional and courteous. The hardest part of the job was recording the auto transaction information in the police log (manually) while keeping up with answering the phones at night, due to the detailed work involved. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with other people.
shipping and receiving, order stock and special orders, inventory, wait on customers
Working 3rd shift was tough but, i was able to work with my wife so, the time went by fast. The staff was friendly and informative. The hardest part of the job was when i would have to squeeze between the robots to clean.
did lots of filing took lots of others shifts management isnt great some coworker liked helping
I would have to say honda was probably my favorite factory i have ever worked in because it was clean well organized and everybody there was was respectful.buy there was a few supervisors who could have done there job alot better
I answered multi line phone for facility . Ran messages to tower(managers), as well as car sales , and service department. Entered gas receipts , filing, made temporary car tags, Helped with customers, baked cookies for customer counter as well as coffee bar, light cleaning of children's play area, customer lounge, my desk cookie counter coffee bar etc.
was good for money but they want robot peaple managnet had to micro manage every detail of your day
Its a fun place to work. Its just you got to get up 3 hours before your shift started to make it on time for work. And if theres an accident on the highway. You will be waiting for hours before its cleared. I learned how to put items on cars. My co-workers was very nice. And the day went by fast.
Split shifts. Worked Production for 4.5 yrs. Worked Quality 4 years. Both jobs are very stressful. People are very stressed and overworked. Sometimes partiality is shown and this makes Honda a hard place to work. The enjoyable part of Honda was payday and bonuses. Management was interested in getting vechiles off the line and not really concerned about the workers. The best thing I learned was that there is still life after Honda.
This was a filler job following the close of Montgomery Wards. I am a physically active person and waiting for customers hours on end just did not suit my personality. Working conditions and employees, although competetive, were excellent. Great place and people to work with.
my co-workers was good they helped alot.. i learned alot of new things about car motors.
Working for Honda made me realize that car salesman or rotten money hungry Animals that what to take everything you got and Commonwealth honda is a training ground for that! They Train you top notch to burn every customer they run into. you think they are all about customer service but the customers are just dollar signs to them.
Cool company to work for. Not a whole lot of work. Would go back of all else failed.
Kept the service lane free of cars, spills, damaged product, oil and grease Provided shuttle service for customers to and from home/work Able to give exact and detailed service to customers Able to multi-task and work independently Assisting customers with questions and directing them to the suitable staff Replenish all vehicle fluids and carry out other minor vehicle assistance
A great place to work for fun loving Automotive Engineers, dynamic working environment with many different oppertunities.
Every day I go to work with an open mind as there are opportunities to learn something new everyday. I get to work with international distributors such as Korea and Europe. I absolutely enjoy working with them every day to provide them with the best service possible. I appreciate working with an extraordinary team and fantastic managers that are always willing to listen and lead a team positively. Because I work with international distributors, the time difference makes it difficult to contact them directly, making work a bit difficult, but not impossible. I want to provide them with the best quality service in the most effective and efficient manner. I enjoy my job, as it bring me new challenges to face everyday. I learn continuously about the export world and automotive industry. I enjoy research and analyzing data that can be shared with management through excel and power point.
honda was a great place to work.and it still is,which i were there now.
awesomw place to work, learn, and most of all give the day at.
place ran a tight ship, everything had a production limit that had to be met, managers were friendly, the hardest part was to keep up with the line speed but once you got up to par it wasnt as bad, i enjoyed the people.
this good did not pay good and u had to buy ur on tools. I got laid off for being honest to a customore and they didnt like that.
learned everything i know about motorcycles working there, Family oriented place to work, owner very loyal and supportive of his employees
Direct and coordinate daily activities for 25 full and part time associates.
I really enjoyed working @ Honda, It gave me a real since of pride. My job consisted of picking parts, and some packing . I followed my work order and completed it @ the end of the day. It could be hard @ times but worth it.
This is an amazing place to work. You are always busy, but there is always room for promotion. Overall, it was an excellent experience.
great for self confidence. Selling cars is easy and you have to be competitive to make it.
