My favorite part about working at Indeed is my co-workers and the management. My directors are very approachable and easy to talk to!
Indeed is not only a great place to begin any career, it is also a wonderful place to develop a successful career.  The culture is wonderful and employees are encouraged to be innovators in everything they do.
Working with Indeed has been memorable and fascinating. The company culture is great and provides employee's with a supportive environment. The only concern is they are growing and a lot of managers are trying to transition it into a corporate environment, so hopefully that doesn't continue. Over all it's a great company!
Great benefits, hands on training, very competitive pay rates and the people are just great! The corporate culture is relaxed while there is a major feeling of being a part of a team. The company mission statement is clear and it seems that all employees really are there to help people find jobs in their own way. Expectations and goals are high but the support is present to help all employees achieve set goals. Management wants to help their teams succeed.
Indeed is by far the best company I've ever worked for. It is important to leadership that you feel like you are an important part of building something that is great!
I quickly learned how to adapt in a results-driven environment. Every single employee is willing to help and extend their expertise. Even as the company expands rapidly, the atmosphere is fun and exciting.
Everyone seems to enjoy it here and has the right balance between fun and productivity.
If you are a motivated sales person and can grow a book of business with a great company culture - this is the place to do it. Yes many prospects are taken but if you are creative and willing to put in some additional effort, you can make six-figure earnings within the first 3 years.
Awesome place to work as well as great time with co-workers. Had a phenomenal company culture centered around a work hard-play hard environment.
Indeed is a wonderful work environment with smart people at the helm.
Best work environment I've ever had!  Casual, innovative and modern. Generous perks (coffee, espresso machine, snacks, catered lunches once a week, monthly happy hour, etc). Growing INSANELY. The future of the internet job board business.
This company is growing in the online recruiting space and does not compare to any competitors in the same realm. The average age is 25 and they pump you full of happy hours, snacks, and drinks. Like any sales job it is a constant pressure to hit quota.
It's awesome. People are awesome and enjoy making money. Everyone seems to be having a lot of fun.
If you are a sales professional or someone looking to get into sales, Indeed NYC is a great place to work! This is a company with a fun office culture where if you work hard and perform, you can make great money.  This is the type of sales job where you are expected to roll up your sleeves and work hard every day. The people who are willing to do that day in and day out are typically successful. There is an open floor plan where management sits on the sales floor with everyone else and are there to support you through out the day.  Leadership has really done a great job of building a fun, competitive, hard working office culture where everyone typically likes each other. Like any sales job, it can be challenging and is not for the meek.  If you are looking for an opportunity to work for an industry leader, sell a great product, and make good money then I would recommend Indeed NYC.
They're very nice people, always willing to help. Best internship I've had thus far, beats Microsoft by a substantial margin.
A++ A typical work day is 8 - 5 and you sell online advertisements. Days consist of meeting, calls, training, and office activities.  Learned how to sell, cold call, negotiate, communicate B2B.  Hardest part of job is resisting the free food. Most enjoyable is being on the phones and talking to different people.  Management: A+ Co-Workers: A++
I enjoy coming to work here everyday. It is great. They give me free lunch and sometimes the dessert is good too.
In my first week working for Indeed, I felt completely comfortable in the office because everyone is so friendly! The first two weeks here is training, and they throw so much information at you so fast that you learn a lot very quickly and by the end you are extremely well prepared to start making sales!
A typical day at work is doing the best you can at your job because you know they will be free lunch or lots of snacks.
As a growing organization they're constantly working on ways to improve the opportunities for it's account executives to succeed.
Depending on what you are looking for this could be a great place, but if you are not willing to play the game don't bother.
- Perfect balance of work and fun - Learned general finance from an intelligent and proven CFO
Great training program, fun work environment, co-workers are friendly and management is always there to help.
I've read many of these reviews and the positive ones tend to be spot on. Truly Indeed is a great place to work.  As a growing organization they're constantly working on ways to improve the opportunities for it's account executives to succeed.  I think there was time where things were not so great at Indeed, high turnover, limited prospects and uninterested prospects. However all the hard work of Indeed's employees has really made a difference.  People aren't leaving like they used to nor are they being fired. Indeed has been providing new hires with the tools necessary to succeed.  The best part of doing well at Indeed is the generous compensation (yes you will make more than other entry level sales jobs, and yes you will double your salary) as long as you're hitting your quotas.  Being my first job out of college I didn't know what to expect and admit there were times I questioned my decision to join the organization. I've removed many of those doubts and continue to see more and more opportunities within the company to grow and continue to get paid.  If you're looking for a position that awards and recognizes success Indeed is definitely a place you should take a look at.  No I don't drink the kool-aid, no I'm not writing a fake review. Work hard, do well and you won't have much to complain about.
I loved my co-workers and gained a great deal of knowledge working under them while closing accounts and keeping great relationships with my clients!
Nice people, normal, one of the most functional groups I've seen. Pleasure to be around all the people there.
Indeed is a good company. Its success and growth have been increasing dramatically - YOY numbers are pretty crazy. It is highly unlikely that you'll ever experience a start up gain such success again. It's pretty amazing to see, and honestly, pretty fun to be a part of.  That said, you have to be careful that you don't stop learning. The product is fairly one dimensional, so it's pretty easy to do so. If things stop getting challenging, you're staying there too long. For most people, this happens in about 1 and a half to 2 years. By then, you'll learn everything you can about the company. I say this as a caveat to anyone looking to apply. By all means do so, but be aware that you're not making a huge, long term career leap.  Indeed is a great company and worth applying to. It has a lot to offer to people with not much experience, but it's important to know that it won't take long for you to want to take the experience and move elsewhere.
I was attracted to Indeed.com because of its year over year growth in the job board space. I wanted to be part of a leading organization and that is what Indeed is with the most online traffic in the industry.
Indeed is a great place to work! The people who work here are wonderful: intelligent, ambitious, motivated, and perhaps most important - FUN! The management team welcomes constructive feedback on business processes from every level of the organization. Additionally, Indeed invests a lot in their training and development team, which helps with personal and professional growth. It is very exciting to be part of such a fast growing organization!
I worked here a few years back so I can only imagine things have gotten progressively worse for inside sales reps. If you're looking for a job right out of college and you're absolutely desperate (as I was) then go for it. But know that this job has the ability to make you never want to be a salesperson again.  - Don't trust HR when they say compensation is going to be double your pay check. I've read on Glass Door that reps now ask for hourly wages due to the extra time required to prospect. - This is a 'churn and burn' culture for Account Execs, they do not value sales reps as long term investments. You will be trained for a couple weeks and then thrown to the world of cold calling in a saturated marketplace - Indeed is now a household name, good luck finding prospects that the previous 1000+reps have been harassing over the past 5 years - Companies like indeed are fantastic to work for in their first 3-5 years but that's long gone - Management is awful so if you're a rookie, you're on your own.  Glass Half Full - you'll like the young culture, company happy hours, etc.
Great office, free snacks, awesome sales floor. Competitive environment which is great for a salesperson.
Indeed is extremely data driven. You work with big data and a bunch of smart and practical young people on intellectually challenging projects.
Indeed is not perfect but it is a company that has fun, believes in it's product and attracts great people. The technology at Indeed is quiet but it speaks volumes when talking to clients. I'm excited about the things to come here at Indeed!
The company culture is great! Many opportunities to be promoted within and recognized for your hard work and achievements. A fast paced and growing company which great to start off your career! Management is there for you every step of the way in coaching and helping you with anything you need. Meeting new people and talking/managing clients everyday is the best part of the job. There is a lot of freedom and ways to show improvement and your skills.
Prospecting and cold calling was part of your average day. Learned about PPC and Recruiting. Good Support from management. Co-workers are always supportive. Finding leads are toughest part of the job. Closing deals are the most enjoyable part of the job.
Indeed is an amazingly successful company because of its fantastic team and because Indeed.com is a great tool. It really works and is blowing away the competition!  Indeed's growth dwarfs other employers and with growth comes opportunity. New needs and responsibilities are constantly arising and these opportunities are readily assigned based on meritocracy, which makes Indeed a fantastic place to fast-track your career.  Most importantly, the work we are doing is helping people to get the job of their dreams. At the end of the day, it's work you can truly feel good about. Indeed is the place to be for smart and driven client services professionals!
You get out of this job what you put in! Work hard and try to make an impact and you truly can.
Easy going environment but always fun if you like a challenge. Great bonuses and commission. Not so fun when you compete against people on your own team for prospects. Directors micromanage. Ping pong table in the office!
I've been with Indeed for almost a year and have been impressed with my experience so far.  The management is very good about listening and taking your interests into consideration when assigning projects and setting long-term career goals. It's refreshing to work in an environment where you feel like you're being heard and not merely treated like a number.  We certainly work hard at Indeed everyday, but we also make sure to balance it with happy hours, company picnics, free lunches and fun.
Working at Indeed, this is the first time I'm actually excited on my commute in the morning. Management is transparent and shares high-level goals and company changes; they're accessible, and want to see employees succeed. Feedback from managers is a balance of constructive criticism and insight into your strengths, and provides clear direction on how to continue to develop.  My team is motivated and fun - they take pride in their work, and collaborate together. I learn from them, and continue to be impressed by the ways they challenge themselves to improve their skills and knowledge. Even though we've outgrown the "start-up" label, the culture is still entrepreneurial and promotes integrity.  I feel trusted to make decisions, and help change the business for the better.
I love working at Indeed so far it has been a great learning experience. I feel I am truly going to grow from this experience.
The Account Executive Internship Program at Indeed is great for college students looking to learn about every aspect of the sales process (from lead generation to cold calling to introducing customers to the product and finally managing existing accounts). The work environment is young and fun but just like any other sales office in that it is highly competitive.
Indeed is on the cutting edge of where recruitment advertising is headed. The anti-job board in a lot ways, Indeed excels at providing transparency and value to customers that deserve it.  Management is tremendous and although there are some cultural growing pains (due to rapid growth), overall, I couldn't be happier.
For the two plus years I have been at Indeed I have not only learned a great deal, but I have also been compensated for the hard work I put in. I was in sales for 5 years before landing my job here and what is asked of you as an Account Executive is standard of what you would find in any inside sales jobs: make calls, present demos, send proposals, and close business. However, the great work environment that has been created out here while doing these tasks is what makes Indeed stand out. I love the people I work with! The hardest part of the job is the same as any sales job, having the mental endurance to keep positive after having a tough call with a Prospect or Client. However, if you work hard you will be compensated monetarily as well as recognized by your peers, leadership, and the company. It is as easy as you get out of it what you put in. Indeed is not reinventing the wheel on the sales processes it practices, however we are reinventing the wheel by selling the best recruitment resource out there. We are growing quickly - conducting interviews on a very aggressive scale to keep up with our huge growth. It is an exciting time here at Indeed.
I will start by saying that I am writing this review to help others, I am fortunate enough to have a good amount of savings going into this role but for those that aren¡¯t prepared to take a financial hit beware and stay away. I am a Sales Professional who has been in industry for 10 years, what I was promised going in is nothing remotely close to what the actual role provides.  This job is risky, some who have weathered the storm have seen success but at the cost of monotony, and never knowing what will happen the next quarter.  Two questions to ask in the interview to get a better idea of what you¡¯re getting into. What does the turnover look like, and how many Account Executives hit 90% of their quota. The honest answer should look like this, we have at least one person leave every week and about 50% of the employees succeed. Turnover is such an issue, Sales Directors can¡¯t manage the business because more than half of their time is dedicated to interviews.  Most are super motivated to start but that quickly turns around as you get an understanding of the business. This is what you will face in a role as an Account Executive, you will work with a team where everyone hates what they do because the job is robotic, and unfruitful. Prospecting for good leads is impossible, everything that is worth your time is taken, people are fighting each other for prospects, just a sad and toxic environment. You are required to make 60+ calls a day which is easy until the second week where you realize you've called all of your prospects that have been called by old Account Executives at least 3 times.  Leaders don¡¯t go through a formal training process, most companies spend 6+ months to breed leaders by giving them special projects and training to ensure that they are ready, at Indeed Sales Directors are the survivors those that made it past a year or two. They are sent to training for a week and then tasked to lead a team completely unprepared.
I interned at Indeed this past summer and found it to be quite the enjoyable, yet educational experience.  The atmosphere there is amazing and everyone is very friendly. I had a hard time adjusting at first, but soon found a new calling in the sales world.  I learned so much that I am very grateful for. The only complaint I have is that I think I wasn't confident enough to start cold calling on my own. I think they should have spent more time preparing the interns for that work. They had us practice the sales pitch over and over and over, but never once did we have practice with a cold call, that was more of a "sink or swim" learning method.  In the end, everything turned out great. Love the company, and product. I've been spreading the word ever since I accepted the position. Definitely recommend!
An unbelievable place to start and build a career. Working for Indeed has pushed me to work harder than I ever have in my life. Like any sales job you will experience your ups and downs however, Indeed offers a truly unique opportunity for all their employees.  -Their growth within the market is unprecedented -Simply put, our product saves our clients money. -Management is demanding however, internal promotions almost guarantees your boss has not only done your job before but been one of the top performers for the company. -The compensation structure is the best in the industry.  My favorite aspect of Indeed is the entrepreneurial culture it promotes. Hard work is rewarded and you are given the freedom to sell the product in an independent manner.
Building a strong sales culture. Company should continue to grow by offering flexible recruitment advertising products
I'll keep it short and sweet.  There is no prospect generation=47% of sales force not hitting quota.  No job security, a person who's been at a Indeed 10 months is considered a veteran.  Commission structure has limitation and stipulations  Expect you to call 60 calls a day when you run out of people to call after your 3rd week of employment  Do not go into sales. I beg of you...save yourself
I feel very fortunate to be part of a company that is so quickly becoming the leader in online recruitment. In 3+ years I have experienced the expansion of employees/teams, offices, management and incentive programs. Not to mention competitive benefit programs, an ongoing training curriculum and career path assistance.  Additionally, the tools and reporting capabilities from our product team are second to none. The sales team is given excellent support from IT, Client Services, etc. I am continually impressed with the thought and care that goes into the materials that are rolled out both internally and to our clients.  With the recent addition of top-notch marketing leadership, I look forward to Indeed becoming a household name in the very near future. We've already come a long way very quickly!  With our worldwide growth, I do not know all my fellow employees as well as I did during Indeed's infancy. However, there are many who have been here for a long time and are very proud of the Indeed product and the strong relationships they have established with their co-workers. I know I am not alone in my excitement for what's to come at Indeed...  Cleveland rocks!!!
Fast-paced, high energy role that rewards you for your hard work. Like any sales role, the job is stressful at times, but the team camaraderie allows you to stay motivated. Everyone is encouraged to work hard, and is rewarded for that. If you're looking for a sales opportunity that pays well, allows you to challenge yourself, and welcomes you into an excellent environment, apply at Indeed!
The company is totally focused on our mission: to help people get jobs. The mission provides a great deal of clarity to every type of decision and keeps everyone moving in the same direction. Because Indeed works so well for employers and job seekers, it's a high growth company with lots of opportunity. The metrics-driven culture is coupled with a real appreciation for the people using the service. It's a fun work environment -- open and collaborative with lots of bright, intellectually curious people.
Beware! If you are conned into taking an offer from Indeed you will find yourself being placed into a magical time machine that will take you directly back to high school. Drama drama drama...blah blah blah. There also is no HR representative in this office leading to an anything goes/say anything type of work place-Management included.  Next is the lead generation....there is none. Good luck finding anything that isn't taken by other sales reps. Selling the product is like fishing with dynamite. Great product but there is no freakin fish left! You can not build a strong enough pipeline to hit your growing quotas. I'm serious...entire teams are not hitting there quota this quarter. If you do take an offer, be sure to negotiate a base pay that is able to provide for your family/lifestyle, because most likely you'll be paid that and maybe a little little more.  Overall...look elsewhere. Say no to the offer and go to a company that has better lead generation. I would of recommended it awhile ago when I first started but sadly I would not recommend working at Indeed.  The only thing good about this place is free Booz on Fridays and tons of free junk food.
A great place to come into work everyday. Employees work very hard but it is a fun and exciting environment to be a part of.
As a redeemed quality sales associate and diligent entrepreneurial type of spirit. I look for others that I can learn from, this has to be the poorest excuse for direction ever seen form a manager role. It's almost as if indeed itself capriciously decided to pick the sales directors and Sr. Sales Director especially out of a hat.  The job seems to be qualitatively the biggest joke I've ever been apart of. I thought you are suppose to coach and lead as a respected individual not a tyrant nor simpleton.  Indeed needs to seriously stop the East Coast favoring for its quantitative approach in selection if they want more quality workers like myself apart of this gamble if you will.  Sr. Management and directors, are perhaps the largest portion to blame and they need to adjust their influence accordingly if they wish to be successful and grow at the rate they want to.  Worry about your own work, focus on putting the coaching hat on and doing it will
Lets see how long this stays up before they take it off  No job security  -I have been at this company for a few months now and have seen someone leave or get fired every week - Horrible management leads to a atmosphere where it is not possible to be guided to hit sales quotas - If you are not buddy buddy with upper management then you will never be promoted...even if your sales are better then your competition  Oversaturated market  - You will go through 1000 companies to find 1 that is not taken already by another sales rep. On average it takes veteran sales reps to find 1 company per hour. This leads to a low count of prospects=low income  - All day you have to watch your book of prospects due to other sales reps being allowed to take them if you - do not attempt contact within 48 hours -do not get a hold of anyone in 90 days -do not close the deal in 6 months - or management will decide it can be closed by someone else and assign the prospect to them without checking with you This is all called Biz ruling .When you Biz rule someone else their feelings get hurt and they complain to management and you are asked to stop.  More then 3/4 of the sales reps do not make their quotas...truth.  Side note: management expects you to make 60 calls a day. This is counter productive due to the fact that 99% of sales reps spend a good hour out of their day making calls that lead to no where....on purpose
The only thing that management cares about is the number of calls that you make everyday. They could care less if you are closing a lot of business or being creative to get to decision makers. Management's lack of leadership ability creates a terrible work environment for the sales reps and the turnover is horrendous. In the beginning of every quarter, you can expect at least 5-10 people to quit. Morale is extremely low for the sales reps, but the other other departments seem to be happy.  They promise you big things when you are interviewing, but the fact of the matter is that once you come on board as a sales rep with Indeed, you will be looking for a new job with the 6 months - 1 year. You will either be a disgruntled employee or they will force you out because of their aggressive quotas and micromanagement.  Overall sales projections seem to be totally false. Indeed was bought by a Japanese company based on these projections, and I am sure they are regretting how much they paid. It seems that this is why things have changed so much and they force a lot of people out. It cannot always be the sales reps fault. Eventually, you need to put the blame on the people who are "leading (managing??)" the sales efforts.  The people that were promoted to director internally are the people that have a bright future there. They are hard working and deserve to be where they are. Hiring Directors/Sr. Directors from outside organizations has proven to be a disaster (with a few exceptions). The great sales reps they have will soon leave the company due to a lack of direction. There is only so long that a sales rep can meet the requirements before they are fired.  Keep it up, Indeed.
Got nothing bad to say about Indeed. Wish everyone the best and enjoyed my time there. Work hard play hard mentality and a rapidly growing company that deserves all the accolades.
Productive work environment and friendly atmosphere. Interning at Indeed gives me a taste of what I am in for when I graduate school. The "work hard, play hard" mantra makes going into work very enjoyable. The hard work and dedication that is given is really shown through the company's weekly meetings. It's crazy how much this company is growing and I am so excited to be apart of it!
- Fast-paced - Challenging - Great Support and Training - Good Management - Multi-national - Awesome atmosphere - Nice office
You get out of this job as much as you put into it. The Account Executive role allows for a strong willed and driven entrepreneur to make a huge impact on his or her own book of business. Indeed management sticks to what they say and sets fair and challenging expectations for you. Indeed owns up to its creed of putting the job seeker first. I feel a huge sense of accomplishment working for a company that stands firm to their core values.
