a typical day is a terrible truck and messed up route and a management team that doesn't what happens or how the customers treat you the job still needs to get done
My job as a line operator is to keep the line running at an 82% efficiency rate or higher. The most enjoyable part of the job is that it is a fast paced environment and I get to lead a small team to get terrific results every night. This meshes well with my military and leadership background. However, there is absolutely no room for advancement within Pepsi. The management would usually come to ME for help if they did not know what to do in a particular situation because of my background in leadership. I personally want to start a career that i can put my leadership skills to use and help grow a business and personally grow with it.
Long days typically on foot most the time since i was only a temp.. others were able to ride fork lifts while i only had a pallet jack..
Only good thing you get is driving experience, city driving. Union a very bad idea as they pick and choose. Will not ever recommend this place to any new commercial driver or any driver. Salary based. They exploit you, and at the end of the week you get a horrible pay check. Only good pay you get is while on training at 21.60 an hour, but after that you go salary without notice, and doing the same job plus for a salary pay. On top of that you pay useless union fees. Half of the people that work here are a bunch of rednecks, and racists. Management won\'t take action in regards to this as they are and I quote "a brother hood, and they protect each other." If you are a minority forget working here and be respected. Hillbilly oriented in NH.
Great team to work for makes sure that your day goes perfect. There was not a moment that I didn't have a fun day of work. Go Pepsi
as long as you get your job done it's a great place to work. must have car and must be able to work over time. rough start if your not physically fit.
day were long and fast paced but everybody worked together to get job done got forklift training from best supervisor around had a lot of company events
I had a great time while working for pepsi-co. I would definitely recommend this as a good place to work.  Indeed is obtuse and is trying to make me type more about my old job.
productive and fun workplace, very challenging day by day.its an easy going job sometimes yet its sometime hectic. associates are fun to work with.
This company is a complete career move. If you are looking for a job to grow in and make it your home this is the place to do it. Management is available and supportive.
For a job that brings a product that everyone loves it treats its employees with none. Overtime with no pay as well as work hours requiring you to never have a life. Most days I worked from 3AM to 6PM with barely a break. Management changed out my salesman for my route 3 times during my employment each changing how I did my job. Not enjoyable at the least.
great job overall but the pay could have been a lot better especially if you did them a great job. Mgmt were great and always looked out for you. Job is only hard if you don't do everything your supposed to everyday.
pepsi is a good place to work. alots of overtimes it was a great experience for me I learn at lot , as far as making oders for the store, building displays
Ocho Rios was a bit of a challenge due to the turn over was very high! It was rough on other employees when people quit. We had to work long hours, overtime to make sure products where shipped out in a timely manner. overall it was a great place to work. People seemed a bit unhappy, and complaining of being overworked and underpaid. I didn't complain, because I was glad to have a job, with the economy being in distress.
+ Distributed beverage products + Learned the life of a merchandiser + Management was friendly + Got to work independently
Long work hour but the pay is Great. Great company to work for they all so have awesome benefits. This the job is a work until the job is done. Not really a set time when you'll be getting off.
Start the day with a morning meeting, stretch, sign into the the handheld and check inventory. match inventory to truck. Deliver product on time and with great customer service.
Putting together work orders for different locations, fast paced, alot of moving,lifting,bending ect... the hardest part would be the long hours constantly moving
A typical day at work consists of building orders for various businesses in the Lincoln area. The orders are built on plastic pallets, and wrapped to help ensure save delivery. Warehouse builders also take care of customer service. Generally smaller businesses will come in and buy a few small products. They come in a wide range of sizes, usually anywhere from five products to 110. The main working crew completes the orders until all of them are completed; so the work days can vary greatly depending on what events are coming up in the next couple of days (Husker football games, holidays etc.). What I have learned over the years working here is to have a good work ethic, and everyday brings a new challenge. For the most part the co-workers are college age students who are starting their working careers, and do not intend this job to be long term. The hardest part of the job is the long days around the holidays, and the days when multiple co-workers are gone. The most enjoyable part of the job is leaving at the end of the day with a feeling of accomplishment.
Here at Pepsi my skills have been put to the test. I have learned allot on how to accommodate different personalities, work ethics and cultural differences more so here than any where I have ever worked. Pepsi has been a great learning experience for me.
A typical night at Pepsi was loading trucks for 12-16 hours a day. Very repetitive work. Learned how to operate motorized pallet jack and got free Pepsi products while working.
going downhill everyday and the workload gets more and more .
they pay well you work about 60 hours a week start time was 5:30 and went home when your route was finished {empty truck}
Pepsi wants robots, does not care about employees. No job security at all.
i was on a short term contract. To be honest I felt they stole my ideas and took off with out paying me for the ideas which they could then incorporate into their products. Great pay, but short term.
Elijah Knight  My Qualifications:\xc2\xa0 Fast Learner Experience with working with manual pallet jacks/ in warehouse\xc2\xa0 Can lift heavy items\xc2\xa0 Has worked all hours of the day/any hours or days\xc2\xa0 twenty-three years old\xc2\xa0
For the jobs I have done, this is a pretty good paying company. It is a 24/7 plant with the exception of Christmas and Thanksgiving. As a planner I schedule the work for 20 mechanics and also take care of ordering and stocking spare parts. The people I work with have been overall a good set of people. The hardest part I think for this job is the fact that I have to present repetitive information every week to management.
no work life balance backroom people a stores are rude. They think there manager for some kind of reason,. Plus thing your on your own. You can work at your own pace but its hard work. You usually work about six stores.
good company but no room for advancement and they only care about numbers
It was a fast paced environment working with other employees and the comeraderie that was developed between employees and management. The hardest part of the job was the lifting required. The work involved loading and unloading trucks for delivery to grocery stores and convenient stores.
Drove to large format retail establishments and merchandised Pepsi products. I learned aspects of business, sales, and merchandising. Other than merchandising, I assisted sales representatives set up displays, and assisted the warehouse crew. Management was very reasonable and easy to get along with.
You have no life balance especially if commuting. You need to be a self-driven person to be successful.
I liked working here because you got cheap pepsi but they did not pay very good
Its all about the people that work behind you, if the person on your route has a strong work ethic, smoother the workday is aside from late truck deliveries. Management could use a serious improvement, with the lack of communication in a field where communication is a serious cornerstone.
During the week days i work on a semi and on the weekends I merchandise my key accounts.
A typical day at works starts with being prompt clocking in and starting to set up my line. That involves counting bottles turning on machines and making sure the volumes are set correctly. I also make sure the line speed is set to upc matching caps and codes to be allowed to read send and set. every 7 bottle are to be checked weighed marked and placed aside for a.p.d. to collect. my co-workers keep the line going as i keep account for the line. As long as we put it together and use our skills properly we can finish up a pallet within a 30 time period. The hardest part of my job would be if the line stops and breaks down. That will set us back at times but that where the team plays a roll. The most enjoyable part about my job is getting the line back up and running and catching up on time. Once I know I have completed my job in a timely order is when I become satisfied with myself and my job. I love to get my project complete and finish all projects to the best of my ability.
DID NOT CARE MUCH FOR MANAGEMENT BUT JOB WAS AN AMAZING CHALLENGING OPPORTUNITY
Pepsi is a fun productive work place who cares about the employees ITs a close knit group who depend on each other because its alot of team work envoled. They take good care of thier employee take us out to eat on special occasion. Reward us with gift when we do good
Good estsblished company to work for, good pay. Good company support to be able to perform daily tasks
a typical day at work was going in earily .management work with you when needed. co-worker where great to work with.getting up earily in the morning.going home time
Pepsi is a fast paced energetic environment. If you are looking for a company to grow with this would be great.
The work was not steady and i was constantly only working 2 or 3 days a week
Making soda for large region. Lots of output, high paced technical environment.
Company is going through a shift in volume which is causing issues
My thought of Pepsi is they need to retrain some of the management personal ,on training their worker properly to make job more affective, I work good with my co-worker the hard part of the job is when need help there is none lack flexability,the most enjoyable were get out in the in the field working with customers.
delivered pepsi products to gallup and surrounding areas and to various companies
Total balance of work and family. Great benefits. Excellent management.
Warehouse Worker Build pallets and orders as needed and directed to support successful order fulfillment. Uses material handling equipment to move product and materials to and from designated locations in an efficient and safe manner. Loads and unloads route trucks, bulk rigs, and transports efficiently. Assists with the daily housekeeping and maintenance of warehouse grounds. Maintains a safe and orderly storage arrangement for all items handled. Completes associated paperwork.
Travel to different stores and stock shelves.Little to no supervision. Do not see management or co-workers that often. Long hours, hard work, minimal time off. Great pay and excellent benefits.
Pepsi is a great place to work. Management are very understanding. coworkers are fun and easy to work with.
great company worked for them for 7 year would go back f they asked me to
It was a great company to work for. I was the one who screwed up. Every part of the company is very good.
It was a great company to work for. I was the one who screwed up. Every part of the company is very good.
Deliver product to stores and merchandise. Most enjoyable part of the job is driving and getting to know customers.
Good for first job learn to deal with public work on your own driving trucks
A typical day included making sure the pool area was safe. It was easy to get coverage for shifts, and everything moved smoothly. The management was more self run between workers.
In my review this is the best company and give as more oppurtunities and give more ralaxation at company .
A friendly environment that makes an less harded day,learnig things everyday and all with respect.
Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job Great Job
I like it here but not enough hours long days when u do work stock shelves
The best thing about PepsiCo are the people you work around and the benefits they provide. The only real downfall is the incompetent management and the unfair union rules. The managers have never done the job the workers are doing and the union makes them pay the motivated workers the same as the lazy workers. There is no room for advancement or compensation for going above and beyond.
Work is easy...Coworkers is fun to work with but POOR Management in the warehouse
Today when the normal production line does not have any problems and also learned how traversed all the faults and management are very happy with my work and ongoing follow-up and the hardest workers on the day when the crash has not been matched by one
this a great job if you don't have want to move up. you work long hours and there is a lot to do. you will not get to be home on holidays with the family because of work. some days are long !0- 16 hours) but the next day might only take you 6 hours so you pick your poison. but the pay is good just not good enough for what you will be doing.
I enjoyed working for Pepsi it was a learning experiance I am glad I had things were learned that you can only get from experiance
Great Place to work. Would Recommend.. Overall great place
I quit because I worked 15 hours without a lunch and without a break. The management was not helpful and the pay was horrible.
This is an awesome place to work with great benefits and compensation. It is very rewarding to help others with their projects and timelines and know that you played a big role in helping them succeed. I loved this job so much that I came back when my situation changed. I would not be leaving, however they are outsourcing the department I work in.
I enjoyed working at Pepsi a lot . We had a good group of coworkers. Working at Pepsi was my first job and I gained a lot from working there, besides I was also a full time student at LIU NY. I have face a lot of challenges which could help me further move on. Quality control department also helped me to get some good experience there they let me use my chemistry skills whenever they needed help.
long hours 10 - 12 hrs great pay great benefits hard work management is ok i learned how to operate a jack and power jack drove my own car to locations
its a great job and i love working there i learn so much its crazy i would recommend anyone to work there i love my customers
It's a simple job you come in and sit at a labtop and analyze samples through a computer.
A typical a days goes by good if there isn't many order. But since the jobs was so physical it help me get in shape.
anything pending at the end of the day takes priority first thing in the morning, after daily am tasks and meeting with my supervisor.....I have a checklist for the daily tasks that I made up myself..Then I follow through with the tasks needed to be done that day, as well as anything else that comes up..work well with co workers.
Work you to death with no help. Management is alright, but lazy! Good place to work with benefits and good pay.
you work some long hours, but your never out there alone, they provide the help when needed. everyone works as a team in order to get a task done
I enjoyed my job as a Route Sales Specialist. I left this company because compensation was too low for the amount of hours required to work each day.
A day at pepsi consists of driving to accts and delivering there products in a safe and effective manner. All my managers were great to work for also had the best co-workers you could ask to have. The hardest part of the job was unloading the soda its very hard work but it keeps you in great shape. The most enjoyable part of the job was working with the customers for sure.
very physical job with terrible management in the warehouse!!
I had to run and maintain several machines at once also sanitize the machines if they finished on my shift. I learned how to repair state of art machines. Also I learned how to work with a diverse work group. Management was helpful when needed. The hardest part of the job was trying to keep other machines running when one would break down.The most enjoyable part of the job was working as a team.
fast pased consistant work fun inviorment.. to work hard and enjoy being a part of the team.. management were ok but could use improvement fun coworkers, the hardest part of the job was clocking out and i learned alot about the company and its produtcs
Started my day visiting each assigned store to do inventory and merchandise product. Filled shelves when needed to keep a stock available to the consumer. I unloaded delivery trucks, and placed product in the stores warehouse. I found the job enjoyable except for the lack of communication between management and employees. I found my opinions did not matter. Since my leaving the company, they have changed management.
Its fun but some of the bosses don't like to help if you are having problems.
I drive to my first store and count what I need for the shelves, displays and coolers.then i go to the back room and load what i need onto a cart. then I fill the shelves, displays and coolers. once im done i condense the back room so we have as few pallets in the back room as possible. once im done I go to my next stop and do it all again until i have gone to all of my stops.
Learned a great deal enjoyed my time there as well as the people.
you never know what the day will bring. like what time you get off.
It was a great place &amp; if I was full time I would do It again people treated you with respect and there was a lot of positive energy
great work and pay just job security was bad worked for a few months then laid off
A typical day at work would be arriving on time and finding out how many cases are going out on that particular night, gather your equipment and prepare for work.
Position fills in for delivery drivers who are out. Position delivers product to stores on an established route or via dynamic dispatch to customers including Convenience and Gas stores, small supermarkets, drug stores, etc. Drives the delivery vehicle and brings product into the store. Responsible for ongoing rotating and stocking of product on store shelves, displays, in coolers and vending equipment .Builds small displays and sets up promotional materials such as pricing signs and banners. Generates invoices and is responsible for daily settlement of cash and charges. Has frequent interaction with store management.
Productive workplace, full of hard workers great company to work for to say the least.
The best part of the job at peps,'Is running 2 lines at once on a double lift, Not a lot of room but just enough that safty &amp; common sense played a big part. Had a nice time. All the other operatores had things to teach that showed an easyer or shorter way. Hardest part of my job was,taking lunch knowing that your machine was not.
Ability to advance if you have the passion for the beverage company.
The Account Management position was a very fun position to work. You would get the chance to interact with store employees and actual customers as you serviced different stores.  This position was also very demanding and time consuming. You would regularly work 55-plus hours weekly, and would have very little time for home life.  The actual territory I worked at was very short on people due to injuries and lay-offs. It became very difficult to keep up the demands of the position on a day to day basis and simultaneously keep your personal life organized as well.
Not the place to stay after a certain amount of year, too many politics.
I worked there more than 8 years and I can easily say that it was one of the best places I have ever worked. It's a very faced paced and high demand job but the pay and benefits are very competitive. The hours are long, hard, and demanding.
I would load and unload trucks,order pull for next day delivery .each day would pass i got faster at my job.management would be impress with my performance
Responsible for all the sales, service, delivery, vending, repair, facilities, expenses, P&amp;L statements and fleet management for the facility
i great place to work great co worker and run and a joyful manner
A typical day at Pepsi is long aa/rnd would be stressful for beginner. I learned the In&amp;Outs of a warehouse and the process of making and taking orders.
the job was very hectic at times. management was all over the place.it was a lot of traveling that just wasn't worth it.
To start a daily inventory, A team meeting reviewing daily performance and issuing work assignments. Setting up voice pick ensuring that all equipment was functional. Safety meeting addressing concerns plus checking all equipment on any unsafe issues up to twenty forklifts at one time. Total support from Management. Managed twenty six coworkers and supported a great team effort rewarding theem with money incentives for most productive. The hardest part of the job was bad weather. Because of the quantity of trucks being loaded up twenty five even more on holidays outside loading took place even in bad weather. The best part was always meeting loading deadlines.
I loved this job. it was fast paced and demanding. you had to roll up you sleeves and give it your all.  Typical day was going in taking 15 minutes to stretch out and find out how many build bulk had and how many trucks bay had.  management always looked out for your well being, if you were "hurting" they told you not to push yourself and kept an eye on you while you were working.  Hardest part of the job was summers, there was no A/C and it easily got up to 110 degrees with the forklifts going.
My life as a supervisor was a little dim with Pepsi in Oklahoma. The 4 staff that I had were very exceptional. Whilst the managing directors were away during my shift over-night and busy to absent from work during the day.  If there were any minor problems, it was left to myself to deal with them. We achieved much praise from the Day-Shift for our attention to detail and not leaving any mess behind for them to clean up.  My only regret about working here, is nothing. I enjoyed every minute. My staff couldn't have been more productive than they were, and for them to tell such a young supervisor such as myself, that my actions have increased their love for the job even more, was delightful.
Poor management, third shift, customers are very enjoyable, co-workers can be hard workers
Work doesn't feel like work , everyone is serious about their duties though
Before the execution of every promotion I will talked with my supervisor about every detail of our plan and revised it if needed. During the execution of promotion I had to supervise it and told people how to execute it. Pepsi is really a good company to work, people there were very friendly and productive. I had built a good level of project management skills during the internship.
good job work on your own,good benifits, work with the public fast pace overall good job
Stocking, rotating stock for bad dates, friendly customer service and keeping backroom neat and orderly. I learned a lot at Pepsi but mainly that I enjoy fast paced work and helping the public. Management was great for the most part the only problem is there are several managers and a lack of communication between them. I worked independently so I usually wasn't around co-workers but everyone one I met at Pepsi were great people. The hardest part of the job was how fast paced it was but I enjoy multi tasking and fast paced work. The best part of my experience with Pepsi was the people I met through the company and customers.
a typical day for me would be working on servers and networking for multiple site around the world. Rebuilding local servers and keeping customers up to date on issues.
Long hours and not a certain shift. I learned how be a customer-friendly employee.
I learned a lot about customer service. I liked I was always on the go and doing very hard and heavy work, when I wasn't busy assembling shelves at stores, I would go out with drivers and unload and load back trucks. I also did a lot of stocking shelves making sure Pepsi products were faced correctly and stocked. I really don't have any have anything I didn't like about the job although it was seasonal and I wish it was permanent.
The company only takes new hires as part time. However be aware you will be working as much as full time even more. you will need a blue tooth if you want any work done (constant phone calls) management is great but the work is harder than unloading an 18wheeler full of frozen christmas trees.
Great company to work for.I learned how to drive a forklift and pallet jack.
24/7 operation basically they expect you to be a slave with the way they their schedules.
I am a very professional person and I take pride in my work. I enjoy a challenge and love to be put to the test. I am puntual as well as reliable. I enjoy learning new things. I am a team player.
co-workers were great.Every day was something new in the fountain dept. New install and repairs took you to many loctians. meet alot of new people
- Average number of hours worked per day = 14hrs - When in a sales roll, developed lean thinking, ccopex strategy and tools, sales techniques and was compensated for efforts. - Management of the Knoxville location was recently removed from position and replaced. Not enough data/observation to comment on current leadership. - Knoxville location is understaffed, leaving very little time for employees to spend time with their families. - The Knoxville staff was the most enjoyable part of the job. They are a great group of people.
Worked at my own pace and the traveling.  Setting up in store displays and assisting with customer issues
There is no real training. Basically your shown how to do the job once or twice then thrown out on your own and expected to do the job perfect. Management will follow you behind your back to check on you then criticize your work when you return to the warehouse. You are required to cover the salesman jobs (doing their job) when they don't care to do it, and if you don't do it. You get in trouble. The salesman are not held accountable for their responsibilities but you are required to do it. Required to work 50hr weeks every week, which your paid hourly but for what you do the pay is very low considering you have a CDL and your doing the job of 2-3 people. The job is very physically demanding and they provide no help like other local companies do.
What type of substance screen do they perform ? Do they perform hair test urine test? Will quick fix work?
here at the pepsi in savannah management is irrelevant to whats happening, to people taking 4 hour lunches and people just leaving with out saying a word, the best way to advance in this company is either 1 buy your boss lunch for a few months or 2 tell them your going to quit as far as a work life balance there is none me being married and a father to a 5 month old son its hard to find the correct balance when working 14+ hours monday- friday and sometimes sunday due to lack of man power the unwillingness from help from managemnt and the lazy co workers
Was a good place to work a fast pace, but safe place to work, Was a good team that i worked for, safely, everyone helped eachother very friendly.
Good job experience, Learned a lot about merchandising, more experience with interacting with clients
The schedule is great a work day begins at 4pm and it ends when you load all the trucks up the overtime is wonderful thats where you make most of the money
felt their was to much family interaction need to have family in company or in corporation felt that majority of the people where on my side and other co workers where not and human resource was not helpful to employers
There was a lot of communication loss between managers and workers. One manager would not tell you are doing something wrong until it builds up and manager lets it boil up inside him after awhile and then lets you have it because he is mad. He should tell the worker then and there when he notices things like this. Also one manager would joke about my lifestyle and put me down. Some co workers were very disrespectful of me and how I lived my life. But I was able to become good friends with a few co workers and still to this day talk to them.
Each day I would check load orders and load/unload the trucks via forklift and at the end of the day put the load orders onto the drivers handhelds for the next day. Even though the pay was horrible , I have never had more fun working somewhere before as I did at Pepsi between my supervisor and co-workers.
A typical day here involves being at work at about 5:30 am, getting everything needed for the job like your handheld, printer, some extra printer paper. grabbing your route and then going do the pre trip on your truck. I've learend that it is an extremely fast paced enviroment. My co-workers were great and very helpful. The hardest part of the job is trying to get your orders checked in and put away in a short time so that you I can move forward to the next stop. The most enjoyable part of the job is the freedom and meeting new people at the stores you go to.
Overall a good company to work for but im always looking for something better for my family.
usually 9+ hrs aday..  negative part- warehouse supervisor has his favorite workers  co workers are the best  enjoyable part of the job is the pay
Production ramps up at different times of the year and the forecasting changes rapidly to meet customers demands. Constant updating of production schedules based on new forecasted information. Plant walkthroughs and daily huddle with Line Operators. Daily tracking and reviewing of efficiencies - People and Equipment. Reviewing, creating, or updating procedures. Tracking of paperwork, validations and verifications. Weekly and monthly business reviews with different departments.
ask upon request in person. busy, never a dull moment. co-workers didnt really cross paths to much.
A nice place to work if you like little to no structure, employees run the warehouse instead of management....
Management trusted associates to work independantly. We traveled and serviced many stores. Overtime was open when needed.
A typical work day normally was a busy one but the job title was very clear.
The Southern market at Pepsi is at the very bottom in a competitive market against Coca Cola. Dangerous place to work. Pay doesn't compete with other Fortune 500 companies. Benefits are the worst I ever seen. Up North or anywhere out of The South. Pepsi is a lot better overall.
i delivered pepsi products to scheduled route daily ,uloading truck and checking in with stores . rotating and stocking store shelves and backroom or storage . i really enjoyed this job.
I would not recommend them to anyone. Very unproffesional company, management has not skills in the field what so ever.
when i was a driver i was on my on to plan my day to ensure deliveries were made at a good time for me and my customers both. I enjoyed that freedom.That gave me the opportunity to run my route more quickly and makes for happy customers.Super visors liked my method as well as they weren't taking complaint calls
i really in joyed working here had cool co wokers my boss was cool you were able to pick your hour to work in the pay was really good
very long hours learned about the beverage industry poor management great co workers very long hours no home life leaving
Pepsi was a different experince. We spent alot of time on the road traveling. I enjoy my time there because i got to meet different people and see many different parts of Georgia
Pepsi is a good company to work for but very fast pace. The company moves hundreds of products daily throughout the southern region. I learned that a person has to be physically fit to be benefitial to the company as well as very friendly.
I stock sodas and clean them all day then after im done clean my work place very easy and cool job learn a lot about recycling and the people I worked wit we worked as a team and got the job done it was so much work wasn't anything about this job hard the most enjoyable part of the job was recycling
Stocking or unloading truck everyday, usually work alone with no supervision, work at own pace
Pepsi is a great company but the facility in Savannah, GA was very difficult. We had very poor management and it was a very unsafe work environment. Recently an employee just suffered from brain damage because of passing out from the heat and hitting his head on the concrete.  I left this facility because my coworkers were leaving early everyday before the job was complete, leaving me to finish by myself. I have literally seen an 80 hour work week in the SUMMER. (100+degrees heat)
great job security great benefits room for advancement. hard job lots of work
exciting fast pace work. learn to complete jobs in acceptable time frame
early morning meetings about focus and agenda. learned route and management skills during route. co-workers worked well with one another. hardest part of job would be out of dates and on-going training. being a part of a major brand was very enjoyable.
I rode around with a partner and delivered Pepsi machines to valued customers.
long hour shifts of lifting non stop kept me busy got along well with co workers
Pepsi was a good place to work. My typical day at work was driving my semi around locally and delivering Pepsi products to our accounts. I worked very long hours some days but I loved the overtime offered to me. I was always the one picking up overtime and helping out the company whenever I could. It was hard physical work but I greatly enjoyed my job. I learned a lot through my ten years at Pepsi. Our management was okay, sometimes I felt that they didn't have their employee's backs in certain situations. There was not a lot of room for advancement or career growth within the company. My coworkers were awesome! I truly enjoyed working with each of them. They felt like family and we were always helping each other when we could. The hardest part of my job was working in the extreme weather conditions but It didn't bother me much. The most enjoyable part of my job was learning new things about my job and my company. I felt like I knew pepsi in and out and that I was great at my job. I also truly enjoyed working with my customers.
loved working qith company because i love pepsi but hated the hours they gave me because it wasnt enough to pay the bills
I LOVED THE PEOPLE I WORKED WITH! THEY WERE AWESOME! THERE WAS NOTHING REALLY HARD ABOUT THIS JOB!
My daily routine would include being at work at 6 am. I would sign into a store then meet with a manager to discuss the needs of the day. Then I would unload pallets of drinks to the shelves and coolers. Then I would sign out and let a manager overlook my work before I left. That would be repeated at three to four stores a day. I learned better people skills, how to work on a steady pace and to be self motivated. My managers had there good days and there bad some days they would help and be there to discuss any isssues at hand, other days it seemed like I was just there and wasn't important. My co-workers were easy to get along with but were not there to help much. The job environment was look out for yourself, hardly ever any teamwork. The hardest part of my job was the poor teamwork. No matter how much I tried to help others the favor was never returned. The most enjoyable part of my job was being able to work at my on pace.
Very hard work and not enough pay to compensate for it. Drivers get only 7 cents per package delivered, that is added to a minimun pay of $4.24 hr. Is a good job to keep you fit.
Clock In Little Meeting Get on a Forklift and go to work Clean Clock Out
the pay was great ( i made $16 an hour as a prod. operator). During peak seasons the hours can be long but it's great overtime. From my experience, i think the particular facility i worked at had a management issue. Too many chiefs, not enough indians. Overall, the job was one of my best ones and i'd recommend it to anyone looking for something stable.
a great company to work for and a solid company that offers great pay and great benefits
A lot of people steal everyday. A lot of work injuries. Don't work with school schedule
Typically work from 530 am to 7 pm. Many Saturdays and Holidays. on call always.  I truely enjoy working with the customers and route salesman.  I oversee 5 Full Line vending routes and 1 Service/ Repair route. We cover five counties in East Central Illinois. Not enough staff to cover such a wide spread area.
I loved working for pepsi. i just wanted to get in the criminal justice field and decided to go to college.
I dident enjoy my time with pepsi, the manager was someone that should of never worked there, I was terminated from this job for not being organized, but when you manager orders you more product then the store can handle, and there is nothing you can do with it. and the best part with the management, is I went to work the day they had replaced me and worked my shift not knowing I was not employed with pepsi, and worked with the rep that replaced me, and did not get paid for my work
I enjoy working with the Pepsi company, however I am looking to advance my career and move forward with my career goals. I have been employeed here for several years and I do enjoy the people. I plan to extend my career elsewhere and try to utilize the skills I have obtain over past few years to provide better means for my family.
great job with great benefits. the pay is good also. the work can be physical and demanding at times.
management is cooperative , I learnt to be a hard worker, I work on all days
Worked through temporary service for 11 months. Got overtime every now and then.
co- workers were helpful, management had an open door policy
Merchandiser for retailer chain stores, store maintenance, placed orders for future sales
Use of electric pallet jacks to create orders to be shipped. Use of electric pallet jacks to create orders to be shipped.Use of electric pallet jacks to create orders to be shipped.
Fun company to work for enjoyed my time here but did not enjoy working just about every weekend
temporary work. excellent co workers and management good work excellent environment
I enjoyed the driving of the forklift and the urge to rach a deadline when something is due.
New people in charge all the time, takes a while for them to get the hang of their jobs, so its like starting over again all the time.
A typical day work at pepsi is a long day but fun of fun because of the bond all the workers have.I learned how to operate a folklift and a pallet jack at pepsi.The manage at pepsi i really cool and understanding of there workers needs.Hardest part of the job would be the picking the order it can get very tiring.The most enjoyable part of this job is being on the folklift just relaxing nd dropping pallets for the loaders.
A day as a representative consisted of loading product on the shelf according their core standard,and maintaing your inventory. I have learned to delegate job rules and responsibilities to my co-workers in order to get the job done. My co-workers were dedicated as well to getting the job done. The hardest part of the job might have been pulling pallets that weighed over 500lbs.. And the easiest part of the job was customer service side of the business.
Pepsi is a great company to work for . They try to work with and or around you and your scedule if possible and if you have an issue of any kind you have a choice of a few diferent people you could talk to to help you resolve your issue .
A typical day of work would consist of going from store to store on your route stocking and placing daily orders and asking store mangers for displays in the busy part of there store. I learned how to merchandise inventory and display new items to catch the eye of the customer. Some co-workers would help if you asked some of them would not. The hardest part of the job was making sure that you did not over order the amount of inventory. The most enjoyable part of the job was meeting new customers and introducing them to the new product.
Arrive ealy in the morning and find out what truck you will be driving. Check your truck and get your paperwork out of the office and start your day
Good Company to work for but managers and supervisors are at a par level.
A typical day at work with pepsi was very busy. Generally a work day will last no less than 12 hours and be busy from start to finish with little or no breaks. All in all the compensation was appropriate and the work was suitable to the contract provided.
It's a nice workflow face pace but you can work on your time too. you work hard and the bosses will notice you
i learned how to spot trailers, use the computer for dock management and inventory, pick orders using a head set, drive forklifts, use pallet jacks and so forth,
This was just a summer job for me until I went off to my first year of college. I got on as a Loose Case Picker, filling orders that had to be completed without the use of a forklift. After just two weeks of working for Pepsi Co. the manager offered me a job running forklifts for twice the pay i was recieving. The only catch was I would have to stay and work instead of leaving to go to college. I refused the promotion explaining school was more important. I worked the morning shift from 6-2. There were times where I would complete so many orders in a morning that they would send me home early because the two other shifts would not have enough to come to work. Hardest part of the job was learning the computer system on my electric pallet jack. Heat is a factor that plays with the job, the warehouse did not have a/c and could reach over 110 degrees at times. Overall I enjoyed my hours and if anyone had an accident and spilled the product, our breakroom would be stocked with the damaged product. (Gatorade)
REPORTED TO WORK AT 2PM AND WORKED BETWEEN 18 TO 30 HOURS A WEEK LOADED BETWEEN 2000 TO 5000 CASES PER SHIFT AND UNLOADED BETWEEN 2500 TO 5500 CASES PER SHIFT. OUR MANAGEMENT TEAM WAS GREAT WE WERE THE MOST PRODUCTIVE SHIFT IN THE STATE ALWAYS WON AWARDS FOR HITTING RECORD NUMBERS. MY CO-WORKERS WERE ALL GREAT PEOPLE REAL TEAM PLAYERS. THE HARDEST PART OF THE JOB WAS LOADING OUT THE TRUCKS IN THE SUMMER. THE MOST ENJOYABLE PART WAS WORKING WITH A GREAT TEAM.
Working for Pepsi is more of a learning experience everyday is differents and you learn new things.
10 hour work days expert in fountain equipment poor supervisor unfriendly co workers freedom of outside sales
I valued my time working here. I learned a lot about the workplace as well as working with and for others. I gained knowledgeable skills and experiences.
a typical day work was fun but busy. I learned hand held pc's and how small bisness works. The management for most part were very people friendly. My co workers were good hard working people that done their job working school's dearing school hours helping other and sales
no room for advancement to sales ,someone literally has to die or retire for a position
+It was always fast and furious. Constantly driving through the warehouse on electric pallet jacks. Quickly building customer order as quickly as possible. +That that job takes A LOT of effort and speed to get through. +Manage was pretty cool and understanding, and went right along with the humor. +One of the BEST groups of guys(and lady)that I've ever worked with. Hard working, very funny, dirty minded individuals. +Trying to keep my numbers up on certain nights when there wasn't a whole lot of stuff to build. +Coming to work every evening to have fun and work with my awesome co-workers.
I work for them 7 years and now time to fellow another part. I writh orders, put up the product and built display
I would do inventory, read order forms and complete by loading and unloading trucks using forklifts and self in a timely correct manner.
pays well. you work a lot and until the job gets done more then most of the time
I've worked with Pepsi for almost 9 years now, so I'm pretty knowledgeable about the business. Its overall a good place to work, good atomesphere, management at the location I am at are very easy to get along with and to work for.  Right now I am in a position that I have been covering for almost a year. My day typically starts out at 4am and is not over with until 4pm-5pm depending on what is going on that day.  I've learned alot in this position, as to what takes place behind the scenes when it comes to getting product from our suppliers; I have learned alot about inventory and counting a medium sized warehouse. Inventory has to be counted every day and any variances researched and discussed. The latter part of my day consistent of getting my loaders ready for the nights load out, to make sure they are set up in a direction to where they are able to get the job done accurately and efficiently.  The toughest part of my job is mainly having to deal with guys that are under-paid for the job that they have to do. So it is tough to find realiable help that will show up and get the job done to the standards that we uphold. With that being said I do however enjoy working with other people, I enjoy leading my guys in the right direction to get the job done and the success that comes along with that.
ok job i worked hard and love the people a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job
In charge of all marketing events. Interaction with people and explaining new and exciting products.
Lifting and stacking pallettes while wrapping when finish. I learned not to be late too many times. Management was okay. Co-workers were hardworking people as I was. Constant lifting with long hours of work. The most enjoyable part was the breaks with some free food.
The manager wont everyone to tell her about everyones mess-ups even if you are new but not tell you or help you get it right.
Although it seems sometimes there is a high turn over rate, I have enjoyed my stay at PepsiCo. I know my contribution to the company is appreciated and I believe I am valued. However, with my wife not longer working at this time, I need to find a way to subsidized her pay check.
