Working here has been amazing. There is plenty of room for advancement within the Sales Org. The managers are encouraging and my coworkers are always there to lend a hand and answer any question.
Interesting and rewarding work that offers a lot of autonomy, but because you work for an entirely virtual team, collaboration and coordination with co-workers and management can be a mixed bag.
Most of the managers and sales people were fabulous. Budget and resource managers were great as well. Fellow PMs were very nice and helpful, and really loved the Delivery Excellence Leads.  Most of the practice Managers were great too! Job security is an issue if you are a contractor since they obviously would prefer their employees to be more billable.  They really strive to deliver excellence to their customers which is a great thing. All in all I am glad I had the chance to work there. Met some really great people along the way.  My only concern was that I am used to very large engagements and being a vendor they typically have shorter engagements
not merit based promotion, discouraging environment for talents, offshoring like crazy without consideration of future
At Vmware we can learn new tech skill and it all depends on your manager , typically for Full time employees its good company, for contractors there will not be any work from home or any options to take a break for personal work.
\xe2\x80\xa2 14+ years of IT experience as Functional expert on Oracle EBS Applications, working in various roles like IT Business Analyst, Functional lead and Team lead \xe2\x80\xa2 Extensive experience in multiple areas of Oracle Applications implementation, upgrade, support Projects, which includes, facilitating sessions defining user Requirements, performing Gap Analysis, building Functional Design for RICE objects (Reports, Interface, Conversion, Extension), Application configuration, Testing, Documentation, preparing and delivering training for users and providing Production Support \xe2\x80\xa2 Extensively worked on core Oracle Applications, that is, GL, AP, AR, Payments, CM, EB Tax, FA, SLA, Costing, Property Manager, System Admin, HR Foundation, UMX, iSetup, OM, Inv including P2P (Procure to Pay), O2C (Order to Cash), R2R (Record to Report) cycles.
I have worked here for almost a year and have already acquired an abundance of knowledge in areas of the business in which I previously had minimal to no experience. The people here are incredibly intelligent- movers and shakers for sure. I also love the fact that you can bring your dog to work, makes for a more laid back work environment.
Cork Chamber Cork Company of the Year Winner 2013... more Recognized by the American Heart Association for meeting criteria for employee wellness. 2013 China Employer of Choice. Among Forbes Most Innovative Companies in the World. 2013 LinkedIn Most InDemand Employer. VMware Cork named a leader for sustained excellence in contributing to the tech sector and Irish economy. Recognized for employee diversity strategies in Singapore by Human Resources Excellence Awards. Human Resources Excellence Awards recognizes VMware Singapore for employee work-life balance. Students recognize VMware as a Universum 2013 Top 100 Ideal Employer in the U.S
Awesome culture, Awesome Company , Awesome Projects to work on/ Excellent Carrer Advancement opportunities. Great Products which address customer issues.
Vmware gives a very clear impression that it cares about its employees as people, not just workers. There are a lot of perqs, and HR is always trying to be sure people have happy, healthy, fulfilling lives.  The technology is extremely interesting, and there are many opportunities for learning new things.  Working for VMware is really quite inspiring, actually.
Can be quite slow at times. Somewhat hard for smaller projects to advance, don't know where the headcount is going. Management at director level was quite good, but a few too many directors. Coworkers are sort of hit or miss - all smart people to be sure, but motivation level varies. Teamwork isn't that high on priority list, most just want to do their bit and go home. Older crowd in general.
Built new Windows virtual servers based on client requirements Installed Windows 2003/2008R2R2 on virtual machines and also installed the required software and tools Administrating production servers/network infrastructure that includes Windows administration of Domain Controllers, IIS Web Servers (HTTP/S, FTP and SMTP), Exchange 2003/2010 Mail Servers, NAS, File and print Servers and Terminal Servers on Windows 2003/2008R2/2010 Install, configure and troubleshoot VMware Lab Manager Administer Microsoft Windows Servers (Active Directory), Microsoft Workstations, and network security devices for 350 users
VMware has great products that are fun to work on, but management has no idea why the phrase "Work life balance" means. They are always creating unrealistic schedules that require 12 to 14 hour days and working weekends. As a salaried employee you feel majorly taken advantage of. Your coworkers are great and fun to work with which is good, because you will be spending all of your time with them and not your family.
Some great coworkers and a great core product. Nice campus. However, highly political environment and many very incompetent managers.
Smart people, growing company, good corporate values, interesting challenges, good career.some work/life balance difficulties, slightly lower pay than other companies looking for similar caliber talent
\xe2\x80\xa2 Partners with the field sales organization to drive Enterprise License Agreement deal closure. One-touch resource for field sales; responsible for liaising with all organizations involved in the Enterprise License Agreement process (finance, legal, order management, etc.) on behalf of field sales.
excellent work environment excellent transparency high end coding
VMware is a innovator of technology with much potential for their products. However, they struggle with a small company turned into a Global entity that lacks stability in execution, management turn-over/political climate and mediocre employee morale.
VMware was an excellent place to work. I really enjoyed the people and the culture.
VMware is a really great place to work. The people are amazing and the relationships established are fantastic. There are lots of challenges, but not unwarranted for a company growing as rapidly as VMware is.
Had projects to complete and had one to one with managers weekly Managers and co-workers were helpful. Learned about the corporate culture Hardest part of job, did not have senior developer to talk or consult with about any problems was on my own I enjoyed everything at VMware culture, co-workers, free food, pingpong.
VMware is interesting in that they are a big company that sees themselves as a scrappy start up. VMware has a very traditional sales culture and you will typically find yourself working late nights and weekends.
Innovative tech company Good work/life balance Great area for high tech industry Lots of opportunities
Work from home, had a daily meeting over the phone.  Worked in small group to do the mainframe modernization
I learned:  Sales force, Y- Connect, organization skills, excel, Horizon 6 and I went to meetings and practiced giving presentations to clients.
The best part of this job was the ability to work from home. Unfortunately, for me, they repositioned my job into an area that I am not comfortable with no training.
VMware has cutting edge cloud, vpn, technology. Enjoyed working with everyone there. I worked in the Global Sales Operations as a Business Manager. Salesforce and Eloqua were the tools that we used to identify opportunities to focus our sales efforts. Successfully provided Global Sales support to the VP of Sales and Executives.
great place to work. Timelines are very aggressive but the quality of work is great.
A great experience as a recruiter to work with a very smart team
My first time in California. Had a good summer MBA internship there
VMWare is a excellent company to work with with very good compensation.
VMware is an awesome company to work for. The company totally believes inwork/life balance. They provide an enviroment to grow and training is prevelant. The Managers have an open door policy and support the work of their team.
Very micro-managing organization. School Environment Disparity towards Consultants.
I'm challenged everyday with having to constantly make both tactical &amp; strategic decisions leveraging sound collaboration with both local and global team members
A vibrant environment with a young resource pool in senior roles. Lacks an experienced context in terms of seasoned approach to meeting objectives. Successful and timely execution of objectives hampered by not-so-mature processes and a few immature, insecure resources.
VMware is radically transforming IT with technologies that make your business more agile, efficient and profitable. A pioneer in virtualization and policy-driven automation, VMware simplifies IT complexity across the entire data center. We deliver value to more than 500,000 customers through virtualization software, professional services and a robust ecosystem of more than 55,000 partners that drives application interoperability and customer choice.
there is the Palo Alto culture and then there is the field - Very Political- organization is in constant flux and there are people who make it their job to accomplish nothing and just promote what they would do in the next reorg- VMware rewards that
VMware is an industry leader for a reason, they deliver a great product with great support behind it. The company as a whole has strong core values and great benefits/work-life. The Austin location has changed within the past year to a toxic work environment. Employees are no longer being fairly compensated (even though the company continues to hit quarter after quarter for wall street). Management is out of sync with employees and customers, as they constantly churn territory managers between quarters but then threaten action/performance plans for not meeting guidelines when given little to no ramp.
Good team spirit and good work environment; just going through a lot of changes currently.
Although days were long, I was able to work from home 90-95% of the time. There was a lot of management change the last 3 years I was there, which led to upper management instability, but co-workers were great and we continued to grow the education department.
I enjoyed my 4 years at VMware immensely. I wish my position wasn't eliminated!  The job was challenging yet fun! Every day presented a different challenge so there was never a dull moment!  I met tons of wonderful colleagues who I've stayed in touch with even after moving on from VMware!  One challenge of the position I supported was the constant change in management. In the 4 years I worked as part of the Global Training team I worked for 4 different leaders. With each leader wee we had different vision and goals. However I am very flexible and good at adapting to change and was able to match my work flow with what was expected each time.
Good company experiencing growing pains and product creep.
I Learned new things. The co-worker were so helpful. And the hardest part of job is to finish big Project in time and enjoyable part of the job is getting very good experiance.
Great organization overall. my one complaint is the restriction of Resources company wide due to budget contraints.It makes it difficult to reach the productivity level
IT team needs better team management and moral boosters. Company overall great work environment.
Its great working over here. Good Co -workers . Its a good company , sun working place .
Top Company to work at, great management team. One of the best companies I have worked for!!
great company, good people. Still would have been there if they did not let 900 people go global.
Intelligent, high-qualification and hard working people
VMware is a growing company and with that, they have built out the campus to include several new buildings that are pleasant to walk to/from.
Share workloads, took responsibilities.  Active participation in meetings/discussions.
7+ years of IT experience in analysis, design, development, testing and Implementation Informatica Workflows using Data Warehousing/Data mart design, ETL, OLAP client /server applications. Experience in using Informatica Client tools: Power Center Designer, Workflow Manager, Workflow Monitor and Repository Manager.
People are nice however, they do hire a lot of contractors who are there 2-3 years or more and still unable to become a fulltime employees.
Ran into a manager that did not understand hearing disabilities Co workers were great I was able to close over 100 cases per month.
Encouraging Management. Good Supporters. Nice Teammates
Good place to work. Encouraging Management. Good Co-workers. Offshore Coordination
Learned new things and the co-workers are so cool and helpful. The most enjoyable part of the job is getting new projects and teamwork processes, and performance outcomes.
Fun place to work, great people, great benefits, limited upward mobility out of inside sales.
Company is in a growth mode. Opportunity to make an impact. Positive work environment with bright high energy co-workers.
Overall a great company but the Austin office really needs to focus on culture and bring the amazing culture from Palo Alto. The management is definitely micro management which makes it hard for a majority of their sales floor. It is simple, allow your employees to enjoy their job and the results will show, I am not sure why every employer has not figured this one out.
great team creating great products. Excellent engineering and product management.
excellent company more scope for learning new technologies.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Analyzed Business Requirements and Developed Test Plans, Test Cases and generated Test Scripts for both Positive and Negative testing. \xe2\x80\xa2 Performed Code Walkthrough and Quality reviews of software applications. \xe2\x80\xa2 Extensively used Quality Center for Test planning, Test execution, defect tracking and Reporting. \xe2\x80\xa2 Set the traceability between test requirements and test cases through coverage. \xe2\x80\xa2 Tested various reports which were developed using Business Objects and validated the data expected versus actual. \xe2\x80\xa2 Validated the data flow from Source to Target tables by verifying the mappings and transformations in ETL Tool, Informatica. \xe2\x80\xa2 Tested various historical data and department wise data. \xe2\x80\xa2 Written SQL queries to validate data against the Business Object Reports. \xe2\x80\xa2 Ran various jobs in ETL Tool, Informatica using UNIX operating system \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed bug report after manual testing, bugs encountered during testing and sent to developer by taking snapshot of it. \xe2\x80\xa2 Worked with various Informatica client tools like Source Analyzer, Warehouse designer, Mapping designer, Mapplet Designer, Transformation Developer, Informatica Repository Manager and Workflow Manager. \xe2\x80\xa2 Extracted data from various heterogeneous sources like Oracle, Teradata and Flat Files. \xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for reviewing of automated scenarios scripts developed by QA team for their correctness as per scripting standards. \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in preparation of test plans in Quality Center. \xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for script review and enhancing the scripts as per the scripting standards. \xe2\x80\xa2 Facilitated formal review meetings with users and developers to report, demonstrate, prioritize and suggest resolution to issues discovered during testing cycles. \xe2\x80\xa2 Prepared test data for automation of regression test cases. \xe2\x80\xa2 Executed scenario scripts and executed test cases.
All members are well educated in their field with a wealth of experience.
I really enjoyed working here and hope to return someday to excel on my experience.
I will have to say that VMware has done an excellent job building the new campus. They really thought about the employees needs.  I've worked with some great individuals who have become great friends out of the work place.
VMware is a hotbed of innovation and is a Ieader in the area of virtualization and cloud computing.
You can work from just about anywhere and compensation is very competitive.
A typical day at work involved calling on end users and partners to drive VM Ware business. This was a hybrid role that included on site customer visits.  I learned how to work effectively with partners end users and internal resources to drive complex sales in the mid market. I also learned how to qualify real deals thereby achieving mandated growth objectives.  Management at that time seemed to be in denial about the possibility that VMware had maximized it's existing market potential. And in the process offered new solutions that were not as effective as those offered by the competition.  The hardest part of the job was preparing for the detailed weekly forecast calls. Management was quick tempered and as a consequence forecast calls were geared to avoid conflict by providing overly optimistic information.  The most enjoyable part of the job was working with some of the most talented sales people in the business, and getting in front of customers and finding out about their real business needs and concerns.
While I was working at VMware, they were going through growing pain. Last of culture and management issues.
Loved interning here! Typical day as a PMM involved talking to partners, PMs and working out the details of a go to market toolkit for joint solutions. It was a truly cross functional role and I enjoyed working with different stakeholders in the firm.
Working at VMware feels like a game of the SIMS. Lots of people doing stuff, but you're never sure what they're working on. Simple tasks require at least 14 people to be involved and two-three week delays, but the food is good.
Commissions typical day at work is faced paced and keeping the machines moving at all times. I've learned from the sales field to ensure accurate commissions is processed. The management is awesome and great to work for, would trade them for the world. The hardest part of the job, is to ensure every rep get's paid correctly and what makes it hard is other teams down stream may not provide inaccurate data and causing delay on the commission end.
Working with partners support is great, since 90% of the revenue is made via channels.
Great organization where Sales runs the place. If you are on the Sales side of the business it is great. The place gets ahead of itself by putting sales ahead of the ability to deliver.
I love VMware, but unfortunately management has 15-17 reps, and support is sometimes a challenge. Management can live up to 300 miles away and with T&amp;E always being scrutinized, it's a challenge for support.
Developed Perl test automation for SCSI I/O Driver extensions. Management focus on results - had 4 different managers.  Coworkers and director in Development were fabulous and cream of the crop. Coworkers and director in QA had counter-productive intent.  Hardest part of the job was to move past the politics of being fired the day I started, because my hiring manager had been fired.  Most enjoyable part was the satisfaction of the completing the test suite and finding 3 major issues in the I/O drivers.
Fast paced environment, helpful peers, learned many aspects of EDI orders, Software licensing and SFDC
VMware was a great company to work for. This company is in the Silicon Valley and was fairly new at the time I started there. I started working there right before it went public. This company had the best team to work with everyday. Everyone respected each other and highly valued their position. I enjoyed working here very much.
Great company to work for, all employees are encouraged to learn more beyond your primary responsibilities. We have absolutely best team: professionally and personally.
One must be a fast paced, organized individual to succeed at VMware. My team is strong and efficient and we get the job done!
I have worked at VMware for almost 6 years and while I was there, I was able to learn about how a company grows and the steps necessary to make sure that the growth happens in a manner that best facilitates the company. My coworkers and management were very friendly and team oriented. Often when problems come about, we handled it with a mind to fix the problem and to not point fingers. I
Extremely fast-paced company with high growth. Although established, some teams may still feel "entrepreneurial" and disorganized. Overall open-door policy although sometimes it may feel like nobody actually has extra time to sit down and meet.  Surprising amount of politics for an innovative tech company in Silicon Valley. Good work-life balance and benefits for the most part.
VMware is a large company that typically has high growth, good opportunities for those coming from outside and great products.
A high level of collegiality and cooperativeness between teams. Management very accessible, open to input. Very professional. Smart people.
I always work from 8 to 12 hours per day and I am able to learn everything about the Company that I work for. I like to take care of the Management and their team members. I also like to assist the co-workers. I have never had a difficult time because I love to work all the time and take great care of my boss.
Dynamic, constant change (in a good way), going through adolescence as a company
New management is too focused on meeting street expectation instead of thriving for innovation
leader in virtual space. everyone saves money by virtualizing until server capacity catches up. huge volume of customers.
A good company with lots of employees located in Palo Alto, Ca.
It is one of the best company I worked for. It is a 10,000+ company still has entrepreneurial spirit.
Competitive pay and benefit, innovative products. Good culture and dedicated group of employees.
Greata Place to work, fast paced, hands on opportunity to manage and implement from ground up, delivery oriented
Its growing and its changing. I see how a product succeeds, how a product fails, how a solution is built upon various product lines and how this integration makes business sense to the end users. very interesting experience and exposure.
My position, at VMWare, Inc., was a disaster.  I was warned during the interview process that I would have little to do with anything other than opening tickets and "managing" crisis. I tried to be optimistic, but in the end, the warning was accurate.  There was no place to go and the management was very unsupportive.  Interaction with other groups was typically very painful, if not downright condescending and rude. Again, no support from management for that either.  I would never work for this company again.
VMware is a great company with a great culture. Lots of great perks, and I will be sad to leave my team and the company. Looking forward to new career opportunities out there as there is not a lot of room for growth within the HR department.
- Design cloud infrastructure solutions - Stringent deadlines - Days of long work hours - Challenging new solutions
Learned a lot about the ins and outs of email marketing and what goes on in creating quality messaging to the customer.  Coworkers were amazing and that's what made it an enjoyable place to work.  Hardest part, high volume work load, but pay off was worth it.
Awesome company, fun people. Excellent benefits and rewards.
Vmware is a great company to work for. Although I have only joined the company as an external associate I would say that this is one the best companies that I have ever worked for.
Superior position within the industry, dominate leader in virtualization and cloud based technologies. Great long term strategy. Upbeat place to work, allot of very smart people.
