This employer is a nice place to work if you have been out of the workforce for a while. I learned a lot there. We get an hour lunch break and plenty of bonuses. Fun and interesting people.
Can be a experience for the person that has not worked retail.  Time management on a retail level of expectations.  Co-workers most do not stay long enough due to the high volume of the work load.  The challenge to get work done in their time period of a shift.  To share the experience of the shift with the workers that have stayed and to look back and say to my self that I have done the best that I can with time I was giving to get it done.
I enjoyed helping and working with the customers. It was very helpful when it came to working with all races. Managers and co-worker were great.
The  work was extremely hard, and the employee  are  unpaid and overworked. wouldn't recommend it to anyone. The managers didn't care about the  employees
Wal-Mart's management is not caring at all. They do not care whether you have a family emergency, you're in the hospital, sick or simply just cannot make it into work. You will never be excused for missing work even if your provide a doctors note. You will be written up .  A typical day ay work as a cashier you ring up customers who sometimes have issues with merchandise and will need upper managements assistance. Not only will customers be upset with you about things you have no control over but management will get mad at you for calling them to your register to further assist customers. Overall the job is okay because they give you the hours you request but the people are just terrible.
The most enjoyable part of the job was to have the opportunity to meet with internal and external customers and learn from them.
I believe that Walmart can be a good company just that the managers are VERY greedy. They\'d cut us down to just enough hours so we couldn\'t draw unemployment. Send you to work in departments you were never trained for. They will leave you by yourself and expect everything to be done. If you have worked more hours than you are scheduled for or had to stay over waiting on a replacement they made you take that time off. They took our Christmas Bonus to "Pay the light bill", said they\'d see what they could do the next quarter - never saw it,
great environment but mostly youth, great experience if advancement takes place; high stress environment and must be able to multitask as well do not mind to be pulled in different directions - the phrase "that is not in my job description" does not apply because you get pulled and utilized in all departments so you gain experience in every area as needed.
The typical work day at Walmart is very unpredictable, it consist of critical-thinking and problem solving abilities every hour on the job. I\'ve gained and learned the importance of multi-tasking and time management, which is extremely important in retail, especially working for one of the biggest retailers in the world. The most difficult aspect of the job is due to the lack of support from "internal managers, basically someone who has been with the company for decades, most will not help, nor support the growth of an external manager. It\'s truly a self-sufficient position, you have to learn form your mistakes and grow with each opportunity. The most enjoyable aspect of the position is the compensation.
The work at Walmart was fine, my coworkers were great to work with, we had an amazing overnight team. However, the supervisor would rotate and you would end up with one supervisor for 2-3 nights, then someone different, etc. Every supervisor had a different way they wanted things done, so every 3 nights or so you would have to completely revise the way you were trying to do your job. It would do no good to try to explain that there might be a better way of performing your duties. It was frustrating at best, down right maddening at times. There is way too much management and supervisory staff and not enough actually working employees.  Overall the job experience was fine, I would work there again.
Working there was ok, I have fun talking with costumers and meeting other people everyday. When I was working at redlobster I had a second job at Wal-Mart which is full time.
MY MOST HAPPY DAY IS MY FIRST DAY AT WORK, GET TO MEET CO-WORKERS AND GREAT MANAGEMENT TEAM,ENJOY WORKING IN A FAST AND RICK FREE ENVIRONMENT.
Very overloaded work schedule.  Underhanded work practices such as short staffing and scheduling employees hours that just barely qualify for "part-time" in order to save money on payroll.
not enough cashiers during certain time periods,  need more team players,   hardest part ,  lifting heavy items all shift long. enjoyable, some very nice employees
What I did was unload truck, distribute the freight to departments, do pick lists and put freight back into the steel in receiving. Co-worker where nice to work with, management wasn't always as enjoyable.
I had to unload and deliver all merchandise that came out the truck. Working with your co-workers is no problem at all, they will work with you. Most managers will work with you and few will be incredibly rude and highly disrespectful. No matter what the situation, all managers would take another managers side over an associate which was completely unfair. Besides that the job itself is fairly easy but repetitive.
It was very fast pace. I enjoyed my co-workers. Sometimes dealing with the public could be challenging but overall it was a pretty cool place to work.
The co-workers are fun to work with. The most enjoyable part of this job is to help the variety of jobs and duties I do everyday.
a typical day at work at walmart u would run register get people in and out as soon as possible and if they needed you to put items on the shelf you had to do that and you had to smile at everybody that came through the doors.
the hardest part of the job was the heat in the summer Had great co-workers. most enjoyable part was the satisfaction of a job well done. Learned how important team work was
Family oriented. Poor management and supervisors. Good benefits but staffing is not enough when trying to provide good customer service.
The people and customers are great to work with but when it comes to management no one is on the same page. They give out too many projects in too little time and five minutes after they change their mind. There is a lack of staffing but everyone is mostly great to get along with.
Typical day at Walmart was any other typical day. I learned that you even if you're not having a good day, you can brighten someone else's day. Also, I learned that not all management is just an authority figure; but can also be a life mentor inside and outside of the workplace. The workers was always uplifting and very genuine about being a co-worker. The hardest part of the job was staying calm and collective during anytime of adversity. The most enjoyable time was meeting new people.
very fast paced work environment. your day flies by because you never have a chance to sit around and say you have nothing to do. Depending on what department you work in you will probably see the same co-workers everyday so they become part of you like family. the hardest part of working at Walmart is the fact that you dont get a second to yourself to think the best part of working at Walmart is it seems like you're leaving right after you walk in
i was a cashier so typical day was scanning customers items and i got paid 8.35 and after a year a raise to 8.85 kinda low pay
Enjoyed customers and fellow co workers. Something new to do everyday. Wish I was able to work more hours weekly. Learned about different policies.
Work was simple and easy, customers were easy to handle since knowing the whole back end of the store. Management is a little strict but they have to be obviously. Workers, some are decent others not so much.. Hardest thing about the job is not having a answer to a question.
A typical day at work was about a 9 hour day working with a great team.  Very friendly , fast paced, warm environment. I learned how to preform W.I.C transactions , cash checks, count money back,  price match, and run the cash register. I also learned many of the fresh fruit and vegie plu codes after only a few weeks on the job with out having to look them up n the booklet.  I got along well with the management and my supervisors.  They were very friendly and caring people.  I made friends with many of my co-worker quickly and could relate a lot with them. The hardest part of my job was having to leave due to family issues. The most enjoyable part of my job was the feeling of belonging and costumers that would look for me on a daily basis.  I loved working with the costumers and my co-workers.
I did oil changes, tire changes, cashiering, Etc.  how to do all of the job in the tire lube express co-works where very nice and work hard training me hardest part was running up and down into the pit. learning something new,  I like learning new job
I would call all my 10 stores to ensure that each store had collectibles that I needed in a timely manner.,Set up my weekly  travel to each store,handled all customer service complaints.My management team was great they worked to ensure that items that I had sent to them were .executed. Hardsest part was leaving the job i really enjoyed working with the entire group I had.The most enjoyable was doing power point presentations and going into the stores and seeing the stores execution of the final product.
a typical day at Walmart is all about a lot of customers long lines busy environment and a lot of work. ived learned a lot of things such as how to be a good customer service representative, and other things such as sending and receiving money and making money orders through money gram, exchanges and returns and cite to store pick up calls to customers. coworkers are very encouraging to work with and fun we all help each other improve everyday. The hardest part of my job is learning to deal with rude customers and how to handle out of control situations. the most enjoyable part of the job is the feeling you get when you see customers walk out satisfied with their shopping experience.
I loved working for the company. I made good money, and enjoyed my job. I developed several lasting friendships while employed with the company. The employees are dedicated and enjoy their contributions towards the company. Everyone does their best to assist customers as well as other employees.
enjoyed serving the customers, helping them in anyway. management was not always understanding of situations. didn't seem very concerned with the employees more with the customers. didn't agree with that ideal.
Go to work get on the forklift.How to pick up different things with the forklift.My job is very grat even tho its part-time..the hardest part of my job is getting a break its not always garunteed for a break.... i enjoy the most when i go home..
You start your shift by clocking in and greeting customers. You are able to interact with a variety of people from different backgrounds. This place allows for you to get to know different people and build lasting relationships with customers and co-workers.
Walmart was a great company to be a part of. I like the fact that I was able to work and learn various jobs within the company.
Everyone has a good attitude, friendly, communicate, well focused. Hard work, not long enough lunch breaks, long hours.
Wal-Mart is a good place to work if you seek advancement in a retail setting. The pay is low but the experience that you get there is invaluable.
great place to work and move up the ladder. Good pay rate for which ever department you decide to work for. I learned that each customer counts when it comes to a sell.
WalMart is the retail business and the schedule for work hours is changed every week.  // Personnality, I was working in 3rd. Shift with different schedules after 6 months . Co-workers  some are friendly and cooperative and others not.  The harest part was moving heavy stock without help.
As a cashier I work with a  great diversified group of people. I enjoy talking to customers and assisting them with their needs.The most difficult part of the job would be standing on your feet all day. Walmart has a relaxed atmosphere with great benefits. I have become a better and stronger person since I have worked with this company. .
A typical day at work at Walmart would be dealing with the customers..straightening our surrounding areas...keeping busy. And Iabsolutely loved the fast paced environment. Loved management, coworkers. The hardest part of the job would have to be making sure the groceries get bagged up correctly, and the most enjoyable, honestly, are the management and co-workers. And regular customers.
I worked in the electronics department. A typical day insist of putting out product, binning product and of course assisting customers. The customers you meet and coworkers you grow to become a family with made some days okay. Managers aren't dependable and they get on you a lot of times about things they do too. The job wasn't really hard just having to deal with the place was.
not a bad place to work the pay was acceptable the everyday duties were basically the same day to day would work there again
I was a good place to work overnights. I liked the people i worked with.I tried to show them how to work faster,safer,and better. I liked the customers. Some of them knew me and would stop and talk to me.
I love working with the people here, fun,management is good and supportive,I learned to work with all cultures witch is amazing. I can't really say what the hardest part of the job is, it's a learning  expierance as you go and you learn to adapt to what all comes with your job duties. Most enjoyable part of work is when we compleate our goals, and we have general meetings that can at times celebrate our cultures, games and we also have where you can go and volanteer for many organations to help in the community witch is always fun.
My experience working for Walmart for the past 5 years has taught me so much. I've learned patience, and respect for the individual goes a long way. Ive met some fascinating people while employed their.. even made lifetime friends. My management staff wasn't the greatest but most of them understood how hard it was to work when your constantly being scrutinized by other managers and rude customers. I would recommend Walmart as a great job for teens looking for their first job, but Not someone trying to make a career.
I worked at Wal-Mart for a year and during that year I have had no complaints Wal-Mart is a great stepping stone to bigger and better thing like management, schooling and can acquire other skills while on the job. Not only did I have great managers I had great co-workers that could help me in what ever I need to be helped with.
Very productive environment. Working for Walmart gives you the potential to learn so much. Working there i learned great customer service skills, and how to multitask in a fast paced environment. A typical day at work would start out on the cash register.Waiting on customer's and in between i zoned the area, stocked merchandise, assisted with heavy load ups. Shortly into my shift i would be called upon to do pretty much whatever needed to be done in an area that may have been short handed for the day which would include Toys, health and beauty, pharmacy, seasonal, front end (cashier/customer service) grocery, housewares, and household chemicals. The hardest part of the job was moving form department to department throughout the day, but at the same time it was enjoyable because it gave me the opportunity to learn the ins and outs of the business. I feel that i learned so much more than what was required of me and for that i am grateful.
A typical day at Walmart, I would go in for 7 am. pick up the returns from customer service. put them away, start zoning, or had to set up for new items. My co-workers were pretty great, we all worked together if there was a big project. My manager was great to me. He would always stop to see how we were doing, if there were any problems.
As a member of management i was asked to terminate all my long term associates because they were high dollar employees. I was told that firing one 20+ year associate would make room for more than 5 part time associates. I stood up for my associates and was terminated for it.
I worked around great people. I enjoyed interacting with the customers which gave me good people skills. The hardest part was I never had a set work schedule. It was hard being a single parent and waiting on the weekly schedule to be done. I enjoyed working around the people in my community.
wasn't the best company to work for. a lot of sacrifices with little compensation. co worrkers were great however. was very busy during holidays
i really enjoyed working with Wal-Mart, it kinda got me out of my shy shield, because i had to deal with the public more than what i have been dealing with.
Not a bad place to work. But it is not a place I would want to stay for too long. After about a year you are ready to leave and never come back.
you have to work all holidays and they do not care about your social life or family   the management is all about gossip and do not do there jobs  co workers act like there in high school do not work to there full capability   the hardest part of the job is listen to the boss tell you that you are not working hard enough when they have you doing more than one thing that is not part of your job  the best part of my job was being able to help people and having the peace and quiet when the store was close when it was possible
It is ok to work when you are desperate looking for a job. They are very good offering breaks every couple of hours working.
You get to meet a lot of people in the day. I learned good communication skills and the money aspects, the management was good, worked well with the co-workers, meeting difficult people but didn't let it effect the day.
i enjoyed my time spent at Wal-Mart, like with any place every day wasnt perfect, but overall i truly enjoyed the working environment at this establishment.
I learned to work with many different people that all had different personalities. I learned to multitask on many registers on self checkouts. Had many different tasks.
Very fast past work and no time to do anything else. Time goes by fast but management isn't that great. Very moody workers and office people. Nothing every goes good.
I preferred the pharmacy over other departments of Walmart. it was almost always busy and made the day go a lot faster, it was hard at times to keep up but worth it, made decent hours which resulted in decent pay checks.
fun and proffesional atmosphere, input rx , call ins companies , call doctor office , troubleshoot rx, fill rx ..cash customers out , inventory , work close with pharmacist
Walmart is a great company for a first job.  I have worked for Walmart over 16 years besides the one year I left.  Wish I hadn't because I lost a lot.
My typical day at work would be standing at my register scanning customers items as they come though my line. When I was not behind the register, I was cleaning/ organizing my work area. The management was not very organized, when I would come back from break they wouldn't know which register needed relief. My co-workers were probably the best part of the job.
a typical day of work could be anything, but you were kept up front. I learned how to operate a cash register, how to key in codes for fruits and vegetables. management was ok, they can be hard to deal with sometimes though. my co-workers were a basket of crazies, but they were fun to work with because they made it fun. the hardest part of the job would be when we got big rushes of people, which was typically around lunch and dinner time. The most enjoyable part of the job was the sense of freedom it gave me
Following the sundown rule ( do not wait for tomorrow what you can do today )  makes me more productive thus finishing assigned work on a timely manner.Being a manager , open door policy is important in effective communication. Respect for individual is the key to a harmonious relationship. I normally find a job easy  because I have a positive attitude. The most enjoyable part of the job is social interaction.
my co workers were great thats what i miss the most is working with them. management was very poor we went threw so many managers. i also loved being a help to the customers and making them happy.
A typical day at Walmart usually consisted of stocking shelves or occasionally doing price changes.  I also help customers find whatever it was that they were looking for.          I learned a lot working at Walmart.  I learned more about good customer service and more about sales.  I also got more experience working as a team member which I enjoyed.       Both the management and my co-workers were great.  I never had any problems with either and I enjoyed working with both.  The management always made sure that the needs of the employees and the customers were met.        The hardest part about the job was just probably a lack of employees.  All the time associates would be helping out other departments due to lack of people.  But that was probably also the most enjoyable part of the job.  Just seeing all the employees working together to get what the job done.
It was busy but fun. I learned how to use a register and stock the refrigerator and shelves. The management was excellent. For me the hard part of the job was seeing little kids cry. I loved making sure that customers had excellent service.
Good working hours I learned to work more independently Management was well managed My co-workers was very helpful and generous when needed to be  The hardest part was working with difficult customers The Most enjoyable part of my job was leaving their knowing i made a big difference in helping needing customer
There is absolutely no respect for the associates. They are always short people and don't seem to care one bit. They only have two maintance for the entire store. People have to work in at least 3 departments every night. They fire people for the most arbitrary reasons like calling off for one night and constantly cut hours. Everybody makes mininum wage , even overnight people are only making 9 dollars an hour. It's completely ridiculous how they conduct business and treat their employees.You are constantly disrespected by managers there's no common courtesy. The company makes you lie and say it's absolutely wonderful working for them but that is far from the truth. If I had to say something I enjoyed meetings where they informed you about business for two hours unlike now where management  simply talks about people fired and people going to be fired. If they cut welfare walmart employees aren't going to survive.
ring up grocery .Stand out in front of the register and greet the people with a smile. had to block the self. working for the public
Easy going overnight job. Learned how to sort and restock at a fast pace. Management is nice. Some co-workers work hard.
Stay on your toes and do not blurt out anything that could potentially get you in trouble from other associates who do not like you telling the manager on them to do their job, because you are getting backed up because of it.. I loved working for walmart but i really dislike the way things are taken care of from a managements point of view.
Operated a Crown forklift in a 1000,350,000 sq. ft. warehouse, moving freight from receiving to order fillers. Cross trained in a variety of jobs from the merge line to order fill.
A great place to work management is very helpful and fast to help you. Most enjoyable part would have to be helping customers.
Go in to work clock in, count your till, go to a register your assigned and do your daily duties such as customers satifaction
The management, how they handle things, schedule people, hire people. To me it seems like they do not even know what they are doing.
Very Productive, No communication amongst Overnight assistant Managers. Most Times Help is NOT available when needed. A Tough enviornment to work at times. I'm A VERY dedicated hardworking asscociate at Walmart. Frozen Department most times by myself.
when i first started this job i wanted it for a very long time but when i started i couldn't wait to leave it they treat there employees like there not important at all and tried to get you fired as fast as they could, they use you up then when there done its like you dont matter to the company anymore. ITS ALL ABOUT THERE MONEY NOT YOUR HEALTH OR ANYTHING ELSE FOR THAT MATTER.
Great and friendly management. The pharmacy is a great atmosphere to work in and competent support personnel is provided on a daily basis. Competitive salary.
My review on my job is busy, fun,unexpected but its also a very fast past job and sometimes you might get taken away from one duty and get put on another
I was a sales associate in the toys department. I would help customers find a toy or see if we had some in the back room.   I learned about customers needs   Management was helpful  It was myself and another guy that worked in the toys department, he was nice and very helpful.  The hardest part was the holidays  The most enjoyable part was the smiles on the kids faces when they got a new toy.
not the best palce to work but it pays the bills as long as you can keep to yourself and listen like a lost puppy. management asks more out of you then possible and then you will receive disapinary action for not completeing it in the time allowed
its cool calm and chill.beats having to work in this crazy weather too. just prepared to work your day is based off how you make it.
everything is very cool  what I learned is always room to grow and expand  management could do better in everything but their pretty straight co worker umm I don't really talked to them in my position I cant really. but what I seen and observed their okay.  nothing hard about the job its easy catching subjects. enjoyable part of the job is to be more stress free from sales floor work but I miss that sometimes.
It was hard work when I transitioned to overnight stock but I still enjoyed my time there I originally applied to work as a cashier and I was a very excellent cashier I kept getting on the wall everyday for being one of the top fastest cashiers in the store I loved meeting and talking to different people every night and I even had some frequent shoppers that made sure they regularly came in my line I was well liked and known in that store specially when the customers needed something I was always running to either go find or get it done
I loved that at the beginning of each shift the Management team would give us goals for our shift and duties. I learned that this is a job that you can balance between home and work if you are up front in the beginning on the shifts you are willing to take. The Management Team I think at times wasn't always on the same page which makes it difficult for employees who are just starting , not knowing the flow of floor staging, duties as a stocker and or customer service employee on the floor. More shadowing needs to be done from Senior employees or Management team before just releasing an employee on the floor to stock.
Management is all over the place and once a new rule is implemented it is changed again. They do train you pretty well on how to do your job. They are not willing to work with you if you are a single mom on scheduling and things like that.
this was a great place for my first job. the workers and customers were fun to be around. we always had a great time working together.
Walmart assisted me in broaden my group work habits. I was taught how to pick and bin merchandise. The managers were down to earth and approachable.
I worked here part time and only got paid a little bit of money. I think wal mart should pay better then they do, and fire those on the war path.
typical day at work was cashiering standing in one place for seven hours which gets boring,nothing much aside from customer service supervision,Most co-workers where ok,Hardest part was nothing really, enjoyable part was meeting new people.
I have worked at Walmart nearly a year and it's not a bad place to work. The employees are nice, the managers are easy to talk to, the pay is decent, and the hours good. You'll either get 32 hours a week or 40, which ever you prefer.
assisting customers, putting products onto pegs, cleaning, cashing checks, cash handling, organization and making customers happy.
It was a job that was very fast paced and difficult. The customers were very demanding.  I really enjoyed the interaction and demands of the job.
I would help keep maintenance of the parking lot. As well as help customers with their purchase or return if asked to do so.
*Helping customers and employees in diffrent parts of the store doing difrrent jobs. *I learned how to work the customer service desk, cashier and also stock diffrent departments. *Management is helpful caring and understanding. *Co workers are helpful willing to teach and learn. *There wasnt any hard parts with this job. *the most enjoyable was meeting new people and making others happy.
I applied to be an overnight seasonal stock person at Walmart and they offered me a job as an accountant clerk. My job consists of working in the cash office processing the debits and credits for transactions made on a daily basis. I worked at the Walmart located at the Hamilton Market Place in Hamilton NJ
I found this job to be fun; however, I felt it was dangerous because shoplifters would get very aggressive and threatening.
A typical day at work as a cashier would consist of clocking in, being assigned to a register, assisting customers by checking out their orders and maintaining a positive attitude throughout the day. Occasionally you'll be assigned odd jobs to do around the store, which may include outside duties such as pushing carts or picking up the trash.  Depending on the store, there is a lot of favoritism among the managers and the employees. If you are to work here best advice is to keep to yourself and focus on the customers in front of you. Dont fall into the cliques that form throughout the store.
Great place go to work with many advancement opportunities.  Great culture and over all good place to work.  Fast paced workplace
Over worked work somewhere else Management poor co- workers don't care about quality or finishing work pleasing management most enjoyable part, breaks witch where few and far between
I would rang up customers food items. I would clean my area. I would talk to everyone in the line. I would see different people all the time.
I really enjoyed working here as an unloader and stocker as we got to perform a lot of tasks around almost the entire store. Each day at work was wasn't very hard except for having to deal with certain managers, but once you've gotten to know each manager in the store (which aren't very many) you'll know that most, if not all of them want you to work there and just wanting you there as family in a sense.  My coworkers were very enjoyable to be around despite our little differences and the jokes which were always kindhearted, often thrown around in the back to help keep us from being too slammed with work.  I've learned a lot about what it means to be an unloader at WalMart like one of my managers had the same family name as my nickname. He was the coolest one I knew. The hardest part of the job was having to quit because of several reason, one of which was a long commute but had I known the things I knew now lol.  It is very much worth it to work at the Wal-Mart on Sigmon rd in ILM because of the overall positive feeling in its environment.
The most enjoyable part about of this job is everybody is so friendly.  I've learned that communication is key to getting any kind productivity.
I love Wal-Mart. It's just not the place for me. I like more of an office work, or receptionist. Wal-Mart has very nice people, and I very welcoming environment. I loved working there for as long as I did. But it's time to step up and get a job made for me.
Great people to work with and for never had any problems there it was great working there. I learned how to manage people by becoming a department head for the electronics and how to fine tune my people skills and communication.
My co-workers were very polite. The environment was amazing and very fun. I would first start out by clocking In and then assisting customer either by bagging items or using the cash register to check them out.
Wal-Mart has a lot of really wonderful opportunities, the only downfall is that they rarely give you more than 25 hour a week. As a struggling college student, that didn't pan out too well. I was fortunate to have been in the meat market department, but the managers always spread your workload around to different departments, even if yours was left unattended. The managers were often missing come evening, and they often asked you to stay an extra shift during school days.  For a college student this job was not ideal.
As a department manager first priority is to count the outs, then make manual picks for any product that is completely out , if in the back room ,make the pick. if not make sure you order it. Then as the department manager you go and get your own manual picks and restock them on the sales floor. Throughout the rest of the day make sure your end caps and all displays are up to par. and make sure your BAM screen is complete
You get reprimanded for the smallest inconsistency in your job performance, managers are a lot tougher on you than most managers I've worked with at other stores, but the pay is good enough to support yourself and/or a family and there is little to no health risks involved.
The managers always wanted more in less time, more for less. The hours were erratic and you could never have a good day at work due to customers harassing you.
The overall experience was not pleasant due to the amount of work the job asked of me, far exceeding the expectations of a cashier. Furthermore, this job in particular is under constant review for worker's rights violations and job ethic procedures.
Working for Walmart was very fun, I got to meet a lot of people and became friends with a lot of employees. The best part of the day was being able to stock shelves or run the cash register. The worst part about working there was the management team. I believe as a management maybe they could have been more knowledgeable.
While working in the Chantilly, VA Walmart, I really enjoyed myself. I loved the staff and especially management. I had an amazing day every time I came in to work. Everyone showed excellent team work dedication to get work done.   While working for the Saginaw, MI Walmart, team work could have improved in some areas as well as management. There were some communication issues that caused a few minor incidents but were later resolved.    While working for the North Charleston, SC Walmart I was NOT comfortable there. I was harassed by other employees for not being from the area and threatened. That made extremely difficult to get work done. Management showed very much favoritism and it also made other employees very uncomfortable. Management did not treat other employees as well as myself with respect. Speaking for myself, they spoke recklessly to me and when I came to them about being harassed and threatened, they did not take action. In result all harassment continued. I was not allowed breaks on some days due to short staffing.
learned a lot about people and people skills keep busy every job always has something to do love the way it was fast paced my co workers became friends some even like family loved meeting new people learning new things
Dealt with rude customers on a daily basis, I learned that sometimes you just have to bite your tongue and do your job. Management sucked when it came to changing g your work schedule, they basically tell you it is either work or school but it can't be both. Some of my coworkers nice however there were some that were mean and nasty. The hardest part of my job was dealing with the rude customers, the most enjoyable part was that I got to go home when my shift was over.
Having spent two years working for walmart stores i grew to despise that place to the point where i dont even shop there. The people were awful the supervisors cared about nothing and the pay was terrible.
Walmart is a job that you can start at the bottom and work your way up. If you are at the bottom you will be working very haard for a little pay but if you show that you are a good worker and is dedicated then you will be advanced
