My favorite part about working at Indeed is my co-workers and the management. My directors are very approachable and easy to talk to!
Indeed is not only a great place to begin any career, it is also a wonderful place to develop a successful career.  The culture is wonderful and employees are encouraged to be innovators in everything they do.
Working with Indeed has been memorable and fascinating. The company culture is great and provides employee's with a supportive environment. The only concern is they are growing and a lot of managers are trying to transition it into a corporate environment, so hopefully that doesn't continue. Over all it's a great company!
Great benefits, hands on training, very competitive pay rates and the people are just great! The corporate culture is relaxed while there is a major feeling of being a part of a team. The company mission statement is clear and it seems that all employees really are there to help people find jobs in their own way. Expectations and goals are high but the support is present to help all employees achieve set goals. Management wants to help their teams succeed.
Indeed is by far the best company I've ever worked for. It is important to leadership that you feel like you are an important part of building something that is great!
I quickly learned how to adapt in a results-driven environment. Every single employee is willing to help and extend their expertise. Even as the company expands rapidly, the atmosphere is fun and exciting.
Everyone seems to enjoy it here and has the right balance between fun and productivity.
If you are a motivated sales person and can grow a book of business with a great company culture - this is the place to do it. Yes many prospects are taken but if you are creative and willing to put in some additional effort, you can make six-figure earnings within the first 3 years.
Awesome place to work as well as great time with co-workers. Had a phenomenal company culture centered around a work hard-play hard environment.
Indeed is a wonderful work environment with smart people at the helm.
Best work environment I've ever had!  Casual, innovative and modern. Generous perks (coffee, espresso machine, snacks, catered lunches once a week, monthly happy hour, etc). Growing INSANELY. The future of the internet job board business.
This company is growing in the online recruiting space and does not compare to any competitors in the same realm. The average age is 25 and they pump you full of happy hours, snacks, and drinks. Like any sales job it is a constant pressure to hit quota.
It's awesome. People are awesome and enjoy making money. Everyone seems to be having a lot of fun.
If you are a sales professional or someone looking to get into sales, Indeed NYC is a great place to work! This is a company with a fun office culture where if you work hard and perform, you can make great money.  This is the type of sales job where you are expected to roll up your sleeves and work hard every day. The people who are willing to do that day in and day out are typically successful. There is an open floor plan where management sits on the sales floor with everyone else and are there to support you through out the day.  Leadership has really done a great job of building a fun, competitive, hard working office culture where everyone typically likes each other. Like any sales job, it can be challenging and is not for the meek.  If you are looking for an opportunity to work for an industry leader, sell a great product, and make good money then I would recommend Indeed NYC.
They're very nice people, always willing to help. Best internship I've had thus far, beats Microsoft by a substantial margin.
A++ A typical work day is 8 - 5 and you sell online advertisements. Days consist of meeting, calls, training, and office activities.  Learned how to sell, cold call, negotiate, communicate B2B.  Hardest part of job is resisting the free food. Most enjoyable is being on the phones and talking to different people.  Management: A+ Co-Workers: A++
I enjoy coming to work here everyday. It is great. They give me free lunch and sometimes the dessert is good too.
In my first week working for Indeed, I felt completely comfortable in the office because everyone is so friendly! The first two weeks here is training, and they throw so much information at you so fast that you learn a lot very quickly and by the end you are extremely well prepared to start making sales!
A typical day at work is doing the best you can at your job because you know they will be free lunch or lots of snacks.
As a growing organization they're constantly working on ways to improve the opportunities for it's account executives to succeed.
Depending on what you are looking for this could be a great place, but if you are not willing to play the game don't bother.
