My favorite part about working at Indeed is my co-workers and the management. My directors are very approachable and easy to talk to!
Indeed is not only a great place to begin any career, it is also a wonderful place to develop a successful career.  The culture is wonderful and employees are encouraged to be innovators in everything they do.
Working with Indeed has been memorable and fascinating. The company culture is great and provides employee's with a supportive environment. The only concern is they are growing and a lot of managers are trying to transition it into a corporate environment, so hopefully that doesn't continue. Over all it's a great company!
Great benefits, hands on training, very competitive pay rates and the people are just great! The corporate culture is relaxed while there is a major feeling of being a part of a team. The company mission statement is clear and it seems that all employees really are there to help people find jobs in their own way. Expectations and goals are high but the support is present to help all employees achieve set goals. Management wants to help their teams succeed.
Indeed is by far the best company I've ever worked for. It is important to leadership that you feel like you are an important part of building something that is great!
I quickly learned how to adapt in a results-driven environment. Every single employee is willing to help and extend their expertise. Even as the company expands rapidly, the atmosphere is fun and exciting.
Everyone seems to enjoy it here and has the right balance between fun and productivity.
If you are a motivated sales person and can grow a book of business with a great company culture - this is the place to do it. Yes many prospects are taken but if you are creative and willing to put in some additional effort, you can make six-figure earnings within the first 3 years.
Awesome place to work as well as great time with co-workers. Had a phenomenal company culture centered around a work hard-play hard environment.
Indeed is a wonderful work environment with smart people at the helm.
Best work environment I've ever had!  Casual, innovative and modern. Generous perks (coffee, espresso machine, snacks, catered lunches once a week, monthly happy hour, etc). Growing INSANELY. The future of the internet job board business.
This company is growing in the online recruiting space and does not compare to any competitors in the same realm. The average age is 25 and they pump you full of happy hours, snacks, and drinks. Like any sales job it is a constant pressure to hit quota.
It's awesome. People are awesome and enjoy making money. Everyone seems to be having a lot of fun.
If you are a sales professional or someone looking to get into sales, Indeed NYC is a great place to work! This is a company with a fun office culture where if you work hard and perform, you can make great money.  This is the type of sales job where you are expected to roll up your sleeves and work hard every day. The people who are willing to do that day in and day out are typically successful. There is an open floor plan where management sits on the sales floor with everyone else and are there to support you through out the day.  Leadership has really done a great job of building a fun, competitive, hard working office culture where everyone typically likes each other. Like any sales job, it can be challenging and is not for the meek.  If you are looking for an opportunity to work for an industry leader, sell a great product, and make good money then I would recommend Indeed NYC.
They're very nice people, always willing to help. Best internship I've had thus far, beats Microsoft by a substantial margin.
A++ A typical work day is 8 - 5 and you sell online advertisements. Days consist of meeting, calls, training, and office activities.  Learned how to sell, cold call, negotiate, communicate B2B.  Hardest part of job is resisting the free food. Most enjoyable is being on the phones and talking to different people.  Management: A+ Co-Workers: A++
I enjoy coming to work here everyday. It is great. They give me free lunch and sometimes the dessert is good too.
In my first week working for Indeed, I felt completely comfortable in the office because everyone is so friendly! The first two weeks here is training, and they throw so much information at you so fast that you learn a lot very quickly and by the end you are extremely well prepared to start making sales!
A typical day at work is doing the best you can at your job because you know they will be free lunch or lots of snacks.
As a growing organization they're constantly working on ways to improve the opportunities for it's account executives to succeed.
Depending on what you are looking for this could be a great place, but if you are not willing to play the game don't bother.
My favorite part about working at Indeed is my co-workers and the management. My directors are very approachable and easy to talk to!
- Perfect balance of work and fun - Learned general finance from an intelligent and proven CFO
Great training program, fun work environment, co-workers are friendly and management is always there to help.
I've read many of these reviews and the positive ones tend to be spot on. Truly Indeed is a great place to work.  As a growing organization they're constantly working on ways to improve the opportunities for it's account executives to succeed.  I think there was time where things were not so great at Indeed, high turnover, limited prospects and uninterested prospects. However all the hard work of Indeed's employees has really made a difference.  People aren't leaving like they used to nor are they being fired. Indeed has been providing new hires with the tools necessary to succeed.  The best part of doing well at Indeed is the generous compensation (yes you will make more than other entry level sales jobs, and yes you will double your salary) as long as you're hitting your quotas.  Being my first job out of college I didn't know what to expect and admit there were times I questioned my decision to join the organization. I've removed many of those doubts and continue to see more and more opportunities within the company to grow and continue to get paid.  If you're looking for a position that awards and recognizes success Indeed is definitely a place you should take a look at.  No I don't drink the kool-aid, no I'm not writing a fake review. Work hard, do well and you won't have much to complain about.
I loved my co-workers and gained a great deal of knowledge working under them while closing accounts and keeping great relationships with my clients!
Nice people, normal, one of the most functional groups I've seen. Pleasure to be around all the people there.
Indeed is a good company. Its success and growth have been increasing dramatically - YOY numbers are pretty crazy. It is highly unlikely that you'll ever experience a start up gain such success again. It's pretty amazing to see, and honestly, pretty fun to be a part of.  That said, you have to be careful that you don't stop learning. The product is fairly one dimensional, so it's pretty easy to do so. If things stop getting challenging, you're staying there too long. For most people, this happens in about 1 and a half to 2 years. By then, you'll learn everything you can about the company. I say this as a caveat to anyone looking to apply. By all means do so, but be aware that you're not making a huge, long term career leap.  Indeed is a great company and worth applying to. It has a lot to offer to people with not much experience, but it's important to know that it won't take long for you to want to take the experience and move elsewhere.
I was attracted to Indeed.com because of its year over year growth in the job board space. I wanted to be part of a leading organization and that is what Indeed is with the most online traffic in the industry.
Indeed is a great place to work! The people who work here are wonderful: intelligent, ambitious, motivated, and perhaps most important - FUN! The management team welcomes constructive feedback on business processes from every level of the organization. Additionally, Indeed invests a lot in their training and development team, which helps with personal and professional growth. It is very exciting to be part of such a fast growing organization!
I worked here a few years back so I can only imagine things have gotten progressively worse for inside sales reps. If you're looking for a job right out of college and you're absolutely desperate (as I was) then go for it. But know that this job has the ability to make you never want to be a salesperson again.  - Don't trust HR when they say compensation is going to be double your pay check. I've read on Glass Door that reps now ask for hourly wages due to the extra time required to prospect. - This is a 'churn and burn' culture for Account Execs, they do not value sales reps as long term investments. You will be trained for a couple weeks and then thrown to the world of cold calling in a saturated marketplace - Indeed is now a household name, good luck finding prospects that the previous 1000+reps have been harassing over the past 5 years - Companies like indeed are fantastic to work for in their first 3-5 years but that's long gone - Management is awful so if you're a rookie, you're on your own.  Glass Half Full - you'll like the young culture, company happy hours, etc.
Great office, free snacks, awesome sales floor. Competitive environment which is great for a salesperson.
Indeed is extremely data driven. You work with big data and a bunch of smart and practical young people on intellectually challenging projects.
Indeed is not perfect but it is a company that has fun, believes in it's product and attracts great people. The technology at Indeed is quiet but it speaks volumes when talking to clients. I'm excited about the things to come here at Indeed!
The company culture is great! Many opportunities to be promoted within and recognized for your hard work and achievements. A fast paced and growing company which great to start off your career! Management is there for you every step of the way in coaching and helping you with anything you need. Meeting new people and talking/managing clients everyday is the best part of the job. There is a lot of freedom and ways to show improvement and your skills.
Prospecting and cold calling was part of your average day. Learned about PPC and Recruiting. Good Support from management. Co-workers are always supportive. Finding leads are toughest part of the job. Closing deals are the most enjoyable part of the job.
Indeed is an amazingly successful company because of its fantastic team and because Indeed.com is a great tool. It really works and is blowing away the competition!  Indeed's growth dwarfs other employers and with growth comes opportunity. New needs and responsibilities are constantly arising and these opportunities are readily assigned based on meritocracy, which makes Indeed a fantastic place to fast-track your career.  Most importantly, the work we are doing is helping people to get the job of their dreams. At the end of the day, it's work you can truly feel good about. Indeed is the place to be for smart and driven client services professionals!
You get out of this job what you put in! Work hard and try to make an impact and you truly can.
Easy going environment but always fun if you like a challenge. Great bonuses and commission. Not so fun when you compete against people on your own team for prospects. Directors micromanage. Ping pong table in the office!
I've been with Indeed for almost a year and have been impressed with my experience so far.  The management is very good about listening and taking your interests into consideration when assigning projects and setting long-term career goals. It's refreshing to work in an environment where you feel like you're being heard and not merely treated like a number.  We certainly work hard at Indeed everyday, but we also make sure to balance it with happy hours, company picnics, free lunches and fun.
Working at Indeed, this is the first time I'm actually excited on my commute in the morning. Management is transparent and shares high-level goals and company changes; they're accessible, and want to see employees succeed. Feedback from managers is a balance of constructive criticism and insight into your strengths, and provides clear direction on how to continue to develop.  My team is motivated and fun - they take pride in their work, and collaborate together. I learn from them, and continue to be impressed by the ways they challenge themselves to improve their skills and knowledge. Even though we've outgrown the "start-up" label, the culture is still entrepreneurial and promotes integrity.  I feel trusted to make decisions, and help change the business for the better.
I love working at Indeed so far it has been a great learning experience. I feel I am truly going to grow from this experience.
