A typical day at work includes taking calls from the call queue. I have learned much about Voice/Video and the infrastructure required to support video teleconferencing for SMBs all the way up to large corporations. Management is great and always working to improve the work environment as well as expand the business. Co-workers are generally helpful and willing to teach if the opportunity arises. The hardest part of the job is when call queue is overloaded with calls and you do not have much time to work. The most enjoyable part of the job is a relaxed work environment.
Every day is a challenge and sales and finance operations are always looking to innovate or improve processes that helps productivity and customer experience. It is great when your ideas are listened and procured.
Typical work day consist of Executive calendar management / scheduling prioritization  Expense reporting / management / reconciliation  Presentation preparation Event / Training planning Compliance report tracking / management Special Projects Correspondence generation / distribution Approvals for system request (proxy and communication) Meeting planning / organization Travel arrangements Data compiling / reporting IT system trouble shooting Software App trainer
Throughout my career with Cisco Systems, Inc., I gained experience and the skills necessary for providing administrative and leadership support to senior-level professionals; while overseeing daily business, office operations, project management and event planning.  The motivation and initiative is to learn a company\xe2\x80\x99s philosophies and procedures and work as a team member to achieve the company\xe2\x80\x99s objectives.
Good Company to work ..I learned RAC,Dataguard,Broker,Golden gate and many other latest technologies which helps me improve professionally and personally..
good place to learn; friendly management; challenging job; good perks; helping to co-workers;the most enjoyable part of the job
Used to tap kegs on Fridays and hang out and enjoy our commrades in arms.  Changed a bit. On Tuesday's without fail, Wednesday's would always follow...I never could figure that one out :^)
Love the work, people and the culture at this place. It has always been a challenging and a learning experience. Cisco offers a wide variety of opportunities to select from.
Heavy Politics. Benefits &amp; Perks are good and opportunities are available to move around the company. But the politics is a big turnoff.
Awesome company to work for when it comes to Flexible Work Practices and having a work/life balance. Management assists with creating the directional path and supports this by approving related courses.
Cisco was a very fun place to work in. There were times though, that I would have preferred to work from Home instead of driving in traffic to work on a daily basis
Cisco is a great company to learn new software tools and work on different platforms. I worked at different departments over my 4 years in Cisco and had a wonderful experience of meeting great people there. Would definitely love to work there in the future for other departments.
Cisco is a great place to work, but make sure you start on the right side of the tracks. Starting out in support is a great place to gain exposure, industry insight and familiarity with products but it is never a wise long term career choice.   Cisco offers a wealth of opportunity to get promoted to the engineering side. To truely have a good work-life balance and tenure at Cisco you should think long term and get a career in engineering.  Support is the money maker for most companies, but it also accounts for most of the companies liability. Its a high risk job with a high return.
I had a good experience working with the team as a Credit officer. Got opportunities to access people's business and frame the loan application in accordance with the standards and rules.
Cisco has great environment in terms of internal job rotation, collaboration, and talent developemnt. The leadership is exceptional compared to other companies in the Silicon Valley. The management team cares about staffs' motivation and know how to empower productivity and streamline processes in several different ways.
One of the best things about working for Cisco is the amount of documentation and the ability to search, and find, information quickly. With the internal lab discount on Cisco products, my lab always had the necessary equipment to support testing. If I ever needed a tool for my work, I asked and it came.
great company - great senior leadership difficult to plot a course forward in the shift to SDN and other tech much depends on your manager intranet is the worst I've ever seen
I went to college there, had a small part time job there, and graduated from there. Moral of the story is, if you love the purple and gold, then you will love this place.
Different work culture in different groups, its like companies within a company. Process Oriented, any change takes a lot of time.
A great place to contribute to transformation of the networking sector and develop your own talents and skills.  I was hired in Shanghai, China and last worked in Minneapolis, MN.
Leader across nearly all vertical IT markets for the foreseeable future. Opportunity for development even far exceeds available time to develop. Top notch productivity tools provide for great workforce enablement.
A fun Place to work, use to have free drinks Re-organization is very frequent. Worked long hours without over time. San Jose location
Managing the Healthcare Projects donated to the government of Jordan by Cisco Systems, CSR Department, gave me the capability, knowledge and experience to Manage very sophisticated large scale projects dealing with variety of stockholders from different cultures and Expertise. Filling the gaps between the expert stockholders (needs, requirements, goals and expectations) and the governmental institutions by building a successful communication model to insure providing and implementing Successful - Sustainable projects in guidance of a solid Project planning and execution, was the main Pillar for the achievements I\xe2\x80\x99ve done so far in Cisco by reaching the stockholders satisfaction.
Program Cisco Routers and Switches via Console and telnet/ssh Learned all layers of OSI model Protocols Professor was great Worked in groups a lot
Even though I study their classes, which are very hard, I would never go back to networking. They work you till death and the other employees are not trying to lose their job, so is a very caddy environment. People get hired and fired depending on who you know, that is just the sad truth.
Co-workers were the best. Always professional and courteous. Worked on a lot of cutting edge technology that made the job always interesting.
I answered phones and helped customers. Normal office work was done daily. Management was wonderful and made you feel important.
Good place to work in terms of people and culture but compensation and growth is not as expected. Hardest pat of my job is traveling between different states and the stress that it brings it along.
Very good co-workers to work with, the environment here is very good, which can help me more efficient in working. Coding is the most difficult thing, because debug sometimes was terrible.
management is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really goodmanagement is really good
Diverse internship that offered insight of numerous departments, both hardware and software related. Friendly mentors who gave thought-provoking projects and meaningful reviews
Great place to work and have fun. Collaborative work space allows free ideas and new thinking. Will highly recommend as prospective employer
At cisco, enjoyed the work culture. Very flexible and demanding at the same time. Work environment is so good and very friendly management staff.
It is a great place to work. Let you work from home as much as you want. Very old co-workers and often felt out of place. go through constant reorganizations.
Things move at a slow pace at Cisco. Lot of approval processes need to take place to get work done. I found their management to be very vague and ambiguous in communication of their goals and objectives.
Open and Friendly environment, easy management, Friendly team and management, mobile and flexible schedules. Wifi all over campus let you work from anywhere.
I absolutely loved working at Cisco, one of the best companies I've worked for in my entire life. Would love to go back and be apart of the team...
Management allows you to freely within reason to get the task done. Good work life balance. Difficult in movement in the organization as many stay in their position for a while.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Interacted with the Business users to identify the process metrics and various key dimensions and measures. Involved in the complete life cycle of the CSCORE project. \xe2\x80\xa2 Analyze source systems like SJPRD, CFNPRD ,QTCPRD&amp; BVPRD for purchase, receipts, invoice, involve hold and payments related data. \xe2\x80\xa2 Based on analysis of source system present design document into client. So that client can have full utilization of data available into source system. \xe2\x80\xa2 Created Mapplets, reusable transformations and used them in different mappings. \xe2\x80\xa2 Created Workflows and used various tasks like Email, Event-wait and Event-raise, Timer, Scheduler, Control, Decision, Session in the workflow manager. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented parallelism in loads by partitioning workflows using Pipeline, Round-Robin, Hash, Key Range and Pass-through partitions. \xe2\x80\xa2 Validation of Informatica mappings for source compatibility due to version changes at the source. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented daily and weekly audit process for the Claims subject area to ensure Data warehouse is matching with the source systems for critical reporting metrics. \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in writing SQL scripts, stored procedures and functions and debugging them. \xe2\x80\xa2 Prepared ETL mapping Documents for every mapping and Data Migration document for smooth transfer of project from development to testing environment and then to production environment. \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in Unit testing, System testing to check whether the data loads into target are accurate, which was extracted from different source systems according to the user requirements. \xe2\x80\xa2 Migrated repository objects, services and scripts<span class="review_more_link_container">\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_more_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">more...</a></span><span class="review_more"> from development environment to production environment. Extensive experience in troubleshooting and solving migration issues and production issues. \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinate with the client team, and present on a weekly basis to the client the progress and issues related to the project. \xe2\x80\xa2 Actively involved in production support. Implemented fixes/solutions to issues/tickets raised by user community. \xe2\x80\xa2 Reviewed Informatica mappings and test cases before delivering to Client.\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_less_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">less</a></span>
Often had to check email at 10pm to make sure I was prepared for next days meetings that could start at 8am.  All Type A personalities, and all in competition with one another for the best jobs and opportunities.  People talk behind each others backs.
Nice place to work, Nice place work, Nice place, Nice place to work.Nice place to work.Nice place to work, Nice place to work
I enjoy going into the office, Your co-workers feel like family.  You hang out with your co-worker outside of work. My wife and kids are so familiar with everyone on my team.
I was with Cisco for over 10 years. In that time I found that in order to grow into new products and services we would acquire companies. There was little thought as to how to integrate them into the company and layoffs would occur regularly to remove redundancies. As a manager I found myself cutting into my my own team to meet aggressive layoff numbers. This bred an environment where people would compete for internal position as opposed to doing what was right for the customer.
The leading technology company is strongly tailored to accommodate every employee's needs. The are very flexible on work schedule, as long as full-time hour sets are met. There are many services available to meet several diverse lifestyles, welcoming all workers to enjoy the community.  The internship program was very welcoming and involved. They provided many resources to for interns to learn and embrace the community. They offered several educational resources and events embracing the culture of self-motivated individuals to expand their knowledge and advance their careers.  My individual internship program was very demanding, as I was given a solo project specific to try and increase productivity. I was the creator of the project making it difficult to share ideas with others, but company environment was very friendly and open to questions.
Responsibilities: \xef\x83\x98 Developed Business processes by configuring shared resources, creating process definitions, creating activities. \xef\x83\x98 Developed Business Processes to integrate eLibrary applications to Akamai Cloud using TIBCO BW. \xef\x83\x98 Extensively used business works to do the complex data mapping, web services invocation, 2-way SSL communications and Procedure calls. \xef\x83\x98 Designed and developed SOAP web services using TIBCO BW for both SOAP over HTTP and JMS and created WSDL files for required operations. \xef\x83\x98 Designed crone jobs (Timer) processes to invoke on need basis. \xef\x83\x98 Used EMS queues and topics for publish-subscribe communication with Oracle database. \xef\x83\x98 Created BW EAR files containing process and deployed them by configuring in Administrator. \xef\x83\x98 Worked on UNIX system to check the logs. \xef\x83\x98 Responsible for Backend PLSQL coding. \xef\x83\x98 Create Error handling and Validation processes using TIBCO Business works. \xef\x83\x98 Designed and developed various testing Business Works processes to test the Business Work processes. End to end testing of the conversion processes to ensure correct functionality. \xef\x83\x98 Reviewed the processes developed by the peer developers and gave necessary suggestions. \xef\x83\x98 Provided administration support, to maintain deployed applications and troubleshoot any problems that arise. \xef\x83\x98 Provided on call support for end to end testing over weekends.
a good place to work must be ive been there 38 years .the owners are good fair people wont find better people to work for. A normal day is getting up 3 in morning delivering our product to our customer getting home around 5. hardest part is hours and weather nobody likes to drive on ice and snow
Learned a great deal about Cisco routers and switches everything from the high end to the low end. Also learned how to configure multiple networking systems. Write configuration scripts and back out plans.
Good work environment with talented people. New challenges every day. Many opportunities depending on experience and skill level.
Roles and Responsibilities:  \xef\x82\xb7 Developing Map reduce jobs in Java/Python for analyzing CEC usage data  \xef\x82\xb7 Creating Hive tables and loading data and analyze data with Hive queries  \xef\x82\xb7 Used Sqoop to transfer data between RDBMS and HDFS  \xef\x82\xb7 Experience with NoSQL - MongoDb  \xef\x82\xb7 Managing off-shore team and assigning the work and monitoring with Rally  \xef\x82\xb7 Setting up proxy rules of applications in Apache server  \xef\x82\xb7 Setting up CRON jobs for applications  \xef\x82\xb7 Designed an innovative data ingestion method to accelerate MongoDB loading  \xef\x82\xb7 Publish code and the supporting files in Stage and Production using Web updater tool  \xef\x82\xb7 Code deployment using Kintana  \xef\x82\xb7 Documentation of User Requirement Specifications and System Requirement Specification  \xef\x82\xb7 Sending and Receiving Handovers to and from Offshore  \xef\x82\xb7 Knowledge Transfer to the newly hired
My primary role as a High Touch Operations Manager with Cisco was to ensure network stability for my customer, Time Warner Cable. This was accomplished through proactive monitoring to assess for any potential risks, trending analysis to expose areas of concern or opportunities for improvement, and driving high priority incidents to conclusion.  All high priority network impacting incidents were driven by myself. When case escalation was needed, I would reach out to the necessary personnel (NCE's, CSE's, BU, SSM, etc.) to facilitate a troubleshooting session with the customer and drive the call to ensure customer satisfaction.  Trending analysis was reviewed on a weekly basis with both Cisco engineers and TWC management. The analysis included review of all high severity cases for the week, trends on all cases opened during the current calendar year, RMA's, bugs, RA's, and ongoing/upcoming network changes. Feedback was also solicited in order to make adjustments to the trending data presented to ensure we delivered content relevant to the customer's needs. This analysis was also shared with TWC executive staff on a quarterly basis.
Cisco has many different career opportunities both in a corporate environment and working with customers. While working within a corporate environment there are typically opportunities to work remotely, from home.  This is a great environment to get technical experience and experience working within a customer environment.
Many many years at this company. Would never utter a bad word (particularly when compared to other environs). Treat people really well. Obviously great products. Acquisition growth model works well for it. Lots of politics, though. What else would one expect from a company with its history and current size? Executive management is a mixed bag. Lots of G.O.B.G. (good ole boy/girl) cronyism. Again, par for the course. Finance-driven (this is a good thing, contrary to what many tech folks would imagine). Outsourcing is a bad mark, if that sort of thing bugs ya (does me, but that\'s just me - perhaps is unavoidable). Nonetheless, still a top ranking organization, through and through.  Notes: This review was written after having been "re-org\'d" out of the company recently.  Also, written from the perspective of an operations person. I\'ve noticed most reviews for tech companies are quite techno-centric and are geared toward the life of an engineer. My apologies:).
I am an ASIC/FPGA Hardware Engineer. It is a tossup. You could work in a tough group where they ask you to work 24/7 or you could end up in a group that is an easy job. Some groups let you work from home all of the time where as others they want to see you every minute of the day (even if you are not doing anything). There doesn't seem to be any break through designs that you could work on. You mostly end up working in old product lines that evolve slightly and it has incremental changes made to them.
Working in shifts maintains 24X7 Oracle Production, Test &amp; Development databases ranging from few GB to 6 TB. Supporting Oracle databases working for Oracle E-Business Suite, Peoplesoft, SAP, IFS and RP. Taking care of Backups, Applying patches, Cloning databases, performance tuning, configuring standby databases, implementing &amp; managing RAC databases and ASM instances.
I was a contractor supporting webex and they gave false information on offering me a job with compucom.
Cisco has excellent salary and bonus structure, very good for technical engineers with interesting work. The company in general is good, Career development for management is limited in satellite sites. California site has the most opportunities.
One of the few companies in Bay area that believe in Work Life Balance.
If you enjoy or prefer a process oriented company, this would be a good company to work for. Compensation is fair and co-workers are friendly and helpful.
I had a 100% traveling role bouncing from city to city and state to state. However, the times I did visit the Cisco office across the country were great and exciting. Management is very supported of your needs. Hardest part about the job was constantly packing and unpacking my luggage. Ofcourse not all roles are the same at Cisco, this was just mine. Most enjoyable part was the traveling itself. While conducting business across the country I was able to visit 42 states!
Good.  Its a good place to work. I would recommend people to join Cisco.
Co-workers are great. The culture has suffered with what seems to be annual layoffs.
I worked for and with many good people at Cisco. There are many opportunities to gain experience, but advancement is limited.  Also, Cisco has been in a state of finding its identity, which means periodic restructuring/layoffs.
It's nice place to work, flexible timings. Implemented some soltuons to streamline business processes. Always good support from managment ti try different things. Some times it's hard to work with offshore teams as the meetings some times stresh to late nights..
Lot of learning Good co-workers Mostly positive experience
Employees I interacted with were fun, intelligent "nerdy" types. Great international teams though required unusual work hours/needs.
Easy going company... less work pressure.. more joy at work
Hardest part of the job: Managing politics within silos of each team Enjoyable part: Working with people internationally Learned: Corporate environments that lack transparency breed inefficiencies.Also learned the importance of planning and implementing information systems that scale properly according to long term business goals.
Working with different stakeholders. Implementing technical solutions to different needs. Dealing with complex situations.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Over 8+ years experience working as a developer and pursue strong knowledge of SDLC with Analysis, Design, Development, Implementation and maintenance of Intranet, Internet, database-driven, client-server, building of Web based enterprise solutions and Object Oriented applications. \xe2\x80\xa2 Working knowledge with SharePoint Foundation 2013 and SharePoint Services Architecture. \xe2\x80\xa2 Depth experience and knowledge of Microsoft SharePoint Server 2013, 2010, MOSS 2007, SharePoint Portal Server 2003 and Windows SharePoint Services 3.0/2.0, InfoPath 2013, 2010. \xe2\x80\xa2 Proficient in developing and deploying custom portals using SharePoint Portal Services 2003, MOSS 2007 and WSS 2.0/3.0. Working knowledge of SP Object model. \xe2\x80\xa2 SharePoint Migration from 2003, 2007 to 2010 and 2013. \xe2\x80\xa2 Expertise in developing custom Web parts, Deploying Web parts, Connection between Web parts and Web Control library templates, Site Templates and Workflows in MOSS 2007 and SPS 2003. \xe2\x80\xa2 Experience of SharePoint site customization and code less workflow development using SharePoint Designer. Worked Extensively with SharePoint Designer 2007 and CSS to maintain consistency in the look and feel of the SharePoint Portal. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and developed workflows in visual studio 2008. Experience with developing workflow activity library and in providing Workflow Solution using MOSS 2007, InfoPath 2007, and SharePoint Designer 2007. \xe2\x80\xa2 Extensive experience creating Site Definition, Site Template, Lists, List Definition, Audiences, Security, Search customization, Excel Calculation Services and Single Sign On for SharePoint Services.<span class="review_more_link_container">\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_more_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">more...</a></span><span class="review_more"> \xe2\x80\xa2 Extensive experience as .NET Developer in designing and implementing Enterprise based Solutions using Visual Studio .NET Framework (1.1/2.0/3.0/3.5/4.0), C#.NET, ASP.NET, Web Services, SQL, ADO.NET and LINQ. \xe2\x80\xa2 Experience on Java script using content editor web part in SharePoint 2007 and SharePoint 2010 and even a very broad experience on visual web parts 2013. \xe2\x80\xa2 Experience SP Grid Views, Detail Views, Picture Library, Document Library and also various managements like Document Management, Records Management, User Profile Management and Web Content Management. \xe2\x80\xa2 Used CAML to query, build and customize web sites based on windows share point services. \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed, and activated Solution packages (WSP Package) on the server. Extensive knowledge how to create User Permissions, Content Types and Features. \xe2\x80\xa2 Experience to create BDC and BCS connecter layer of interaction between SQL Server 2008 Database and SharePoint Web portals. \xe2\x80\xa2 Good Inter personnel skills and ability to work as part of a team. Exceptional ability to learn and master new technologies and to deliver outputs in short deadlines.  Technical Skills:  Microsoft Technologies SharePoint 2013/2010, Microsoft Office SharePoint Server (MOSS) 2007,SharePoint Portal Server 2003/2001, WSS 2.0/3.0,MS SharePoint Designer 2007,Ms InfoPath 2003/2007/2010/2013, ASP.NET, C#. NET, ADO.NET, VB, Win Forms, Web Forms, Visual Web parts, XML Web Services Web Technologies DHTML, HTML, XHTML, XML, XSL (XSLT, XPath), XSD, CSS, JavaScript Development Tools Visual Studio.Net 2008 and 2010, SharePoint Designer 2010/2013, InfoPath 2007/2010/2013, Visio 2010, Visual Studio 2013, Yammer, FrontPage 2003, Visio Enterprise/2003. Database MS SQL Server 2000/2005/2008, MS / Access, Oracle, MySQL Programming Languages .NET, ASP.NET 1.1/2.0, C, C++, C#.NET, VB.NET, T-SQL, ADO.NET, JAVA, J2EE/ 2003/2007, WWF, Office SDK, AJAX, VBScript Web Servers IIS 5.0/6.0/7.0, Reporting Tool Dundas Dashboards, Crystal reports10.0/8.0/8.5 OS/Platforms Windows 2008/Vista/2003/XP/2000/NT, Linux, Unix. Applications Microsoft Office System 2010/2007/2003, MS Project, MS Visio Dreamweaver, HomeSite, TFS. Mail/Fax Systems Exchange, Microsoft Outlook, SMTP\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_less_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">less</a></span>
Nice company to work for but I think it is time for management change.
Cisco is an extremely fast passed, dynamic, and challenging place to work and I would not trade away any of the experiences I had while there. Change, at an ever increasing pace, is simply a mainstay of the culture at Cisco. It is very common to hear the phrase \xe2\x80\x9cThe only thing constant at Cisco is change.\xe2\x80\x9d Successful Cisco employees embrace this part of the culture and thrive on learning new things and leading the global IT industry on a great number of fronts. The people I worked with at Cisco are very talented, intelligent, focused, warm, honest, and extremely supportive. Many of them will remain lifelong associates and friends.  The hardest part of working at Cisco was staying connected to all of the fascinating technology and business impacting advancements that were (and still are) being developed, all over the globe, at an ever increasing pace. On the other hand, the most enjoyable part of working at Cisco was being able to leverage those advancements to make a positive impact on the business of the partners and customer with which I worked. Many companies, and individual business leaders, expect Cisco to be the global leader in IT and they have grown to trust that Cisco will deliver the right solutions to meet their pressing business needs. As an employee, it was rewarding to represent that level of achievement by Cisco. Each day I remained invigorated as I worked to earn and grow that elevated level of trust with my partners and customers.  Working at Cisco was a fantastic and rewarding experience that has certainly made a big impact on who I am, the skills I have developed, and what I can offer others. I am truly grateful for the experience.
I felt the company was too lethargic and everything moved very slowly.
Have a flexible work environment with easy going team members.
A great company with great products but far too many untrained or improperly trained managers.
It's a great company if you like large corporations. If not, then you will dread feeling like a number. Very hard to get fired, there are a lot of people who landed a job there and do the bare minimum because of that and the fact that if you excel it will most likely go unnoticed with the exception of an eventual advancement/pay raise. It is what you would expect out of a 70k employee organization.
Of the large publicly owned companies -- I've found Cisco to be best in class in terms of innovation and sales. Intensely focused on maximizing shareholder and customer value. Solution oriented by industry.  Employee focused. Good place to work.
Cisco has been a stable place to work. Our onsite medical and benefits are convenient. The upgraded open collaborative workspace environment is a plus. I did not think I would enjoy it, but it's been great. The most enjoyable part of my job is the flexible schedule that allows good work/life balance. My coworkers are respectful.
My work day start at 7:30 AM and continues nonstop until 6:30 PM. During the day put on many different hats, from managing AS team, working on escalated cases, writing technical document and tips, as well as working on different tools, and customer experience review.
Typical 9-5 corporate structure management are always about the numbers great co-workers. The hardest part of the job, was to meet quota deadlines when no revenue was coming in through the pipeline. Got to travel and meet different people across different parts.
Good work life balance and good management. Job security is good.
its a large company in a great town with good people. I had the opportunity to work with some of the smartest people in the technology industry.
I loved working at Cisco. It allowed me to work from home and balance my work and home life. It provided opportunities and had many benefits including great salary, healthcare, and stock options.
Company has the resources to accomplish almost anything. Knows next to nothing about consumer products
\xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in Business Systems Analysis, gathering Business Requirements, deriving functional requirements and system requirements from the Business Requirements. \xe2\x80\xa2 Implemented all the Transaction Specification documents for each screen mapping out the business requirements to the screen design. \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed the code using JSP, JSF, AJAX, JavaBeans, Spring Framework, Hibernate3.0, Web Services, Java Script, JMS, JNDI, XML, XSLT and HTML. \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed presentation layer using JSP, JSF, CSS, AJAX, JavaScript, JSF Tag Libs \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in implementation of application using conventional design practices (SOA-Service Oriented Architecture, MVC-Model View Controller). \xe2\x80\xa2 Ajax is used to dynamically retrieve selected state information from the database. It updates different areas on a JSF page based on the information from the Ajax response.
Casual dress code, free gym membership for all, game rooms! Company of gamers and engineers. Company celebrates Pi day (March 14 - ie. 3.14....).
Very relaxed and comradery is encouraged among our team.  There is not pressure as long as you are doing your job well and consistently.
The most enjoyable part of my job is being involved in customer service, helping others.
I enjoyed my time at Cisco. It was a great place to gain professional skills and experience.
Global Procurement Production planning Inventory mgmt NPI mgmt  As i mentioned earlier Cisco is a great place to work and work life balance is awesome.  Transparent mgmt to understand the business impacts
A typical day at work would be to check in with the engineering department, early field trial representative and marketing to see if the projects I was responsible for were on track and on budget. I would ensure that I was ready for the bi-weekly meetings I ran on Tuesday and Thursday's. I would check to make sure all products I worked on were free of severity one bugs and if there were any issues try to get them resolved with engineering as soon as possible.  I worked on the feature tracking system and devised a training session for all Internet Services Business Unit engineers to ensure they complied with regulations to ensure customer satisfaction.
Learned a great deal and participated in selling large and complex solutions to enterprise customers.
The company have much to improve on. They have potential to be a good company to work for. They need more senior people at the management level.
Cisco was a fantastic place to work back then. The management team partnered with the Talent team as true bushiness advisors.
Cisco is great place to work on advanced technologies and great people. Excellent work-life balance, and best pay if you are in a growing business. Some business units are not as good as other, but still provide great work-life balance and somewhat better pay than other companies.
Cisco is a well compensated but extremely demanding company.  Cisco has had annual restructuring for the past years.  They are not favorable for long-term retention of employees.
Cisco is a fun place to work. It is a technically demanding environment but provides engineers with many resources to learn and grow professionally. Day to Day operational work, projects every month and collaboration are the many things that make working for Cisco rewarding and challenging both at the same time.
The latest job I had in Cisco gave me at-most job satisfaction, visibility and good compensation. The management I worked with is by far the best ever. Giving total responsibility for the job assigned and not barging in to decision making is a big plus on my management side. Giving enough visibility and accountability is the best in the business so far. The teams/people I worked with had an extraordinary relationship with me and made my job a real fun activity.
I can have flexibility in timing. I can come late and leave late or work from home when I need to.
Cisco offers good compensation and benefits and a diverse workplace with strong non-discrimination policies. Most of the people are quite good at what they do.  The trouble with Cisco remains management issues at the executive and director level. What is said at the executive level is often badly translated into tangible goals for teams of individual contributors. This has contributed heavily to the year-after-year "limited restructurings" that have regularly damaged morale at Cisco and caused the jettisoning of excellent people.
Typical day includes attending stand-up and working with other devs.  Learned about cutting edge software development lifecycle.  Hardest part was quickly producing features in a short timeframe.  Most enjoyable part was working with other devs on a bleeding edge, unique software project.
A place to learn and have fun. Lot of development opportunities and helpful collegues to achive day to day tasks.
Typical day is very constructive at Cisco. I have learnt a lot working with the team at Cisco. The management was good and so were the co-workers. The hardest part of the job was owning a complete component and working on it. The most enjoyable part was having flexible timing
Great Place to work. Be prepared to work all sorts of crazy hours and have a lot of pressure on numbers, numbers numbers. Overall a good place.
Too much politics good work life balance, telecommuting options. Opportunities for growth and movement limited if not located in the bay area. I worked in a very smart group of experienced talented engineers. Good place to be if you want to witness firsthand the inefficiencies of a giant engineering organization.  Opportunities for growth and movement limited if not located in the bay area. A game of musical chairs at the VP/SVP level, new leader comes in every 12 - 18 months with big ambitions for the team, then eventually succumbs to the bureaucracy or the inter-BU politics. Did I mention the periodic layoffs ?
Supportive of employees. Gives back to community. Would recommend for others.
The people at Cisco are some of the best that I have ever worked with. They are very professional with a very good work ethic.  Cisco pays well; however, you work a lot of hours for that money, which frequently impacts work/life balance.  Surprisingly a lot of those very talented people get let go every year in Cisco's yearly resource actions. It is due to these yearly resource actions and loss of talented people that there is an increasing concern about not having job security.
For the most part, I've had some great leaders that pushed me to excel, got me out of my comfort zone and stood besides me to support and encourage. But I have seen that the different organizations function differently. Some are very competitive while others are more collaborative.
Leading the Cisco Cloud Services teams on the development of the inntercloud platform.
Overall I really enjoyed working at Cisco and someday I hope to return. Unfortuantely my career was cut short at 8 years of being there.
I enjoyed working in Cisco, the team was great and it was a great place to build my career.
Depends on the teams you work. Have to stay focused on your career(layoffs occur anytime). Some team gets good projects. company does not believe to retain talent. people are good and lot of things can be learned in long run
Cisco is an amazing place to work. Fast past opportunities for advancement and great people to work with.
Motivating Work culture is good. Team management works well
Cisco is an excellent company to work for. The culture and environment are exceptional. I gained many skills while at Cisco since they offer excellent training opportunities.
A typical day at work has been amazing I met so many great people. My job provided me with problems, but every time I encountered one I would always be able to find a resolution for me. The management at Cisco is amazing. Each of my bosses were understandable with the situation I had. My coworkers are amazing people even though we don't work together anymore we still maintain contact with each other. The hardest part of the job for me was juggling the projects I had at the same time. My most enjoyable part of the job is when I have completed my job on the boards I was assigned to.
Could not have been more unhappy. Long hours. No appreciation for my efforts.
Great Place to work. A typical work day is starting your shift around 0700 - 0800. Taking cases, working with customers, working on your back log, communicating with other departments within the organization until your shift is over or until your work is done.
All decisions are collective. 50-200 votes required for even simple decisions can slow things down. Job roles are narrow, so relatively easy.
Daily troubleshooting on Customer issues and resolve customer problems. Learned Cisco Security products and improvised my skill sets.
Cisco used to be a really great company to work for. The morale has gotten pretty low over the years with the layoffs and the company restructures. If your in sales then it's a great company to work for.
you are the owner of your own destiny, they have been engaging in company down sizes for the last 4 years , not very diverse .
Cisco is a great place to work with a great culture and diversity.
okay company. too many Indian contractors. very biased company.
Great place great people Learned a lot of new technologies and worked with some of the smartest people.
Good infrastructure and office environment. High expectation for work delivery. Poor appraisal.
Excellent work place and incredible team. Management usually works very hard in getting their employees benefits according to their yearly performance reviews.
Very Good Work place with good management and with good development projects in the area of Networking protocols.
Good place to work and to grow your career. The company is involved in a variety of technologies so you can move internally and pick what you want to work on.
Enjoy working at Cisco with continuous delivery in agile methodology.
Hired as the result of a limited restructure in Dec 2013. Never met my manager. Extremely poor assimilation process. Complete disregard for my career expectations. Procurement function is entirely reactive vs. strategic. Very poor procurement data analytics. Culture is very poor. One Director described Cisco as being like a fraternity "Sure you get hazed when you join, but you get to turn around and haze the next guy".
i liked the flexible timing and virtual meetings ,Onshore offshore model and learnt a lot.
Work as a customer support engineer and have learned different concepts of Unified communications and the different protocols.
great company, great work/life balance, job security is something that you always have to worry about.
With lot of focus on collaboration and team work, along with good work-life balance, Cisco provides a great environment for employees.
Cisco has a shared culture of hard working great people all around the world with an attitude of "we can do it."
Cisco has consistently executed incredibly effectively. Leadership is top notch and the talent is exceptional. Dominant in the market and a pace setter. It is becoming a large company with the challenges that come with the size. Currently, Cisco is facing it's biggest challenge to date in it's need to adapt to the new business models.
Great place to work, people are very nice. Flexible work hours and plenty of parking available close to buildings.
Depends on which team you are in. In general old school management, lack of energy. Too many middle managers. Good work life balance. Job uncertainty, too many mindless layoffs.
Depends on which team you are in. In general old school management, lack of energy. Too many middle managers. Good work life balance. Job uncertainty, too many mindless layoffs.
Typical day at work consist of meetings, testing, reviewing and updating documentation.  Learned a lot in regards to new technologies.  Management was great and provided support to his team.  Co-worker were great and always a pleasure to work with on a daily basis.
Had too much fun working here. Alot of challenges and ability to move forward that makes impact larger than you.
good company to work with. nice colleagues. There is a lot of room for innovation and new product development.
Good Place to work at Cisco with nice support from co workers to the management
I enjoyed my time at Cisco and it was a great learning experience.
Great company if you are lucky enough to have a great manager.
Work was very good here over the 16 years I worked here I became efficient in wireless networking, Labview, RF Testing and programming RF equipment. I worked Closely with 1 to 3 engineers and Management to successfully help bring many Access Points to product.
It is fun working here. I feel any documentation should be given more priority and importance.
Cisco is a huge company. I have worked across multiple teams, functions and timezones. Overall, my role(s) entailed bringing people together to track work progress. In this, the opportunity to build rapport presents itself. Not only is this important in the success of any project but also in one's career. I've had the pleasure to meet great people and build stronger relationships.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Acted as a Liaison between Customer service team and the IT to get the requirements based on the customer needs to implement in the tool for better user experience \xe2\x80\xa2 Worked closely with different stakeholders to write the procedures and processes for the requirements \xe2\x80\xa2 Was involved in driving and maintaining the master prioritization list (MPL) \xe2\x80\xa2 Acted as a single interface between IT development team and business stakeholders for addressing any issues \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in mentoring specific projects in application of the new SDLC based on the Waterfall and Agile Unified Process, especially from the project management, requirements and architecture perspectives. \xe2\x80\xa2 Designed and reviewed the BRD(Business Requirement Document, BSD(Business Solution Document) \xe2\x80\xa2 As a tool owner provided access to the tool to the requestors based on their roles \xe2\x80\xa2 Involved in creating the report mock-ups for the users as a result of technical feasibility \xe2\x80\xa2 Gathered Functional and Data Requirements, analyzed workflows and created Use Cases, Requirement Specifications, Report Specifications. \xe2\x80\xa2 Worked on MS Office application like Outlook, Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Visio \xe2\x80\xa2 Gathered metrics ,created reports and KPIs \xe2\x80\xa2 Created various mockups to indicate the changes to the users as a result of the enhancements. \xe2\x80\xa2 Prepared AS IS and To be Scenarios and process flows \xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible for adding the requirements in Quick win tool \xe2\x80\xa2 Worked as PMO and created project plans \xe2\x80\xa2 Assisted the technical team in translating application functionality into application architecture. \xe2\x80\xa2 Participated in the bug review meetings, updated<span class="review_more_link_container">\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_more_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">more...</a></span><span class="review_more"> requirement document as per business user feedback and changes in the functionality of the application. \xe2\x80\xa2 Performing BAT(Business Acceptance testing), preparing and executing BAT test cases \xe2\x80\xa2 Created User manuals, training documentation for the users \xe2\x80\xa2 Uploading the BAT test cases in HP Quality Center and executing the test cases \xe2\x80\xa2 Clarified QA team issues and reviewed test plans and test scripts developed by QA team to make sure that all requirements will be covered in scripts and tested properly. \xe2\x80\xa2 Organized meetings to discuss outstanding issues with QA and developers. \xe2\x80\xa2 Wrote test scripts for User Acceptance Testing (UAT). \xe2\x80\xa2 Worked closely with Business Users and development team for post-production issues for documenting and resolving them.\xc2\xa0\xe2\x80\x93\xc2\xa0<a class="review_less_link" href="javascript:void(0);" rel="nofollow">less</a></span>
The job was great as well as the co-workers and environment. However, the jobs don't last long because of the outsourcing.
I worked with brilliant co-workers, cutting edge in technology.Interesting and very enjoyable. Great people
One of the best places to work, in the bay. All the team members are helpful and understanding. Collaboration is the key.
great salary and benefits able to work remotely learned various new technologies co-workers are great people
Good place to work, non-formal environment , helpful co-workers, new technologies to learn
Normal Team Work &amp; Collaboration Pro-active Friendly Different Time Zone work process New Technology
Excellent flexibility. Highly compensated in the industry
I am fortunate to work with Cisco for over 7+ years now.  In my last project I provided end to end support for the implementation of Kinaxis Rapid Response, a $1.1M critical version upgrade. This upgrade delivers business lines performance improvement, scalability, stability and new capabilities in Supply Chain Management (SCM), and Sales and Operations Planning (S&amp;OP). Substantially reduced supply chain planning cycles and improved accuracy of analysis, resulting in cost savings of over 30% and delivery of a higher business ROI.
Cisco culture is changing, you need to have you resume ready at all times because layoffs are imminent every year. Good flexibility. Promotions are difficult and nearly impossible to move around.
- Get to work on most complex issues in network - Lot of learning resources available
Responsible for implementation and administration of a text analytics product called Clarabridge. Lead a proof of concept (POC) effort that included 10 vendors. Clarabridge is fed by customer, partner, and field survey data, along with customer and partner live listening events.  Key player in the data architecture of a Listening Post repository built in Teradata. The repository brings multiple listening posts into one central spot that can now be leveraged by the entire company within the enterprise data warehouse (EDW).  Key data/text/business analyst on team. Built major reports, dashboards, and presentation documents for functional analysts, theater operations, management, and executive staff. Documents, reports, and dashboards built using PowerPoint, Excel, Access, OBIEE, Siebel, Clarabridge, and Tableau.
Compensation package is very good, however many hours are expected. Alot of policy and procedure involved in each task.
Great place to start your career. Can make a difference and progress in your career with hard work and dedication.
There is a wealth of information and people are willing to help. Getting a good manager takes luck, though, if you do get a good one, life balance will be a priority. While here, I learned a great many thing; as there are a lot of opportunities to learn and to gain certifications.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Performed all the nonfunctional tests: Load, Stress, and Performance, Fail Over, System Scalability test on Cisco Videoscape Product such as NDS Unified Headend System, VideoGuard Server System, Video Back Office System for various cable television businesses \xe2\x80\xa2 Analyzed the system heath\xe2\x80\x99s status, bottle necks, heap usage, memory leak \xe2\x80\xa2 Collected the test results and recorded it on the Cisco Internal Website and test document \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinated with team members on the Non\xe2\x80\x93Functional test plan \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed Non-Functional test case procedure document \xe2\x80\xa2 Developed test tools using Perl or Shell script to support Performance and Load test such as generate test data or collect the test result from log files. \xe2\x80\xa2 Created a system physical diagram and logical diagram for system environment \xe2\x80\xa2 Performed white box testing on individual software components in Linux Environment \xe2\x80\xa2 Generated performance test data from existing log files
The past 15 years with Cisco is a great ride. Cisco needs updated to stay on the leader role of networking going through transformations.
Work with smart and talented people. XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Cisco perks are the best, the work life balance is great. The Co-workers and executives were awesome. The products could have sold better.
Cisco has all the potential to make it big in internet of everything, a excellent networking company to work with.
A very good challenging work place for employees to learn many new technologies .
I have worked for this company twice and my relationship with them goes back to when they were 2 years old. Best company I have ever worked for.
Great place to work Great place to work Great place to work Great place to work Great place to work
Worked on writing Test Plans, Test Strategies, Test Data requirements, Business Assurance Strategy, Test Execution Strategy and Defect Management process.
Fun company to work with. Job security is good. Management is regimental.
Great culture; knowledgeable collogues and good work-life balance.
I've had a bad experience with my group and it might not speak for the whole of Cisco. There is too much bureaucracy and success is more based on how well you can suck up to your boss rather than performance and professional ethics. My experience at this company has been extremely bad and I cant wait to leave. I have been bullied and borderline harassed and working long hours was taken for granted with no appreciation whatsoever. People here have very little regard for anyone who reports to them. I wonder how most of them ended up in the management chain.
I consider myself a mid to upper level IP Telephony / Unified Communications engineer and would work at Cisco if I were a tier 3 blue badge. I was put into the position because my previous job had to go through mass layoffs due to financial distress. No advancement unless a position opens and pay increases need to be practically begged for. I come from a military background and the management for my team in the RMS NOC was pitiful at best. Employees would consistently show up late, work from home without permission, or just not show up at all. Management has done little to nothing to fix the issue. The experience in a Cisco environment is good for those looking to get into this field but not good for someone already in the field looking to advance. No benefits if you are a red badge which means no time off, no holidays, medical coverage is extremely expensive, luckily I have the VA, and the 401K is a joke, assuming you work long enough to get that perk.
Like drinking from a Fire hose. Insane work pace. Management is understanding when life comes up. Co-workers are definitely type A. Hardest part of the job is learning products while there are network outages.  Best part is knowing I can keep up with engineers that have 3 or 4 CCIE's and some with PHD's.
- Work place I like was the quiet place. Morning time makes me feel productive. Innovation and thinking is more efficient in the morning rather than other time.  - Identify the strong area and weak area. Prepare more at the weak area to get fulfillment.  - the hardest part of the job is the design was failing the tests to meet the tight schedule.  - the most enjoyable part of the job is work is done on time with the flawless proto samples.
Was great to create a product and watch it become a core product for the companies future success.
As a software engineer, I've been involving learning new technologies and standards used on Cisco products, writing and reviewing technical documents such as software functional spec and design spec, implementing new features according to design with and without Agile methodologies, unit-test new feature implementations, debugging and fixing software/firmware issues, using specialized tools for certification programs, reviewing other's code, mentoring junior engineers etc., working with remote teams in multiple regional areas including teams in SJC, India and China.
Busy workplace..with calls coming in every second Workplace was fair
It was a great place to work. Stress free environment, very helpful co-workers. Had scope for self development goals. Developed leadership skills.
Cisco grew up and became different later. The acquisitions were numerous and it was a little more difficult with all the personalities and diverse jobs. In the early days Cisco was the best place I have ever worked. I really enjoyed my rework job and the people I worked with and I enjoyed being x-trained with all the other systems, testing, solder wave machine, qc, etc. Lots of stuff to learn.
Very thriving environment, would've loved to work there longer.
To many layoffs and is political hotbed. Management is out of touch with the employees
A typical day for a TelePresence Engineer is handing tickets in the as they come in for for any issue from layers 2-7. I have learned about how Cisco implements voice and video to make TelePresence possible. Management is relaxed and it a stress free environment in a NOC center work area. Coworkers are for the most part friendly and willing to help fellow engineers out if they get stuck on a particular issue. The hardest part would be learning how each ticket is to be handled and documented with the assistance of a flow chart, each situation can be unique. The most enjoyable part is my co workers who are helpful and we have built a close bond.
Cisco is a innovative workplace with lots of energy. There are some managers that allow you to work remotely which helps with your work life balance. Cisco provides their employees with many opportunities for career development.
I could come in at any time to work as long as I'm not missing any important meetings. Even though for an intern it is recommended to come to the office as much as possible to increase visibility. I learned a lot about Hadoop platform during my internship. They get excited when interns come so they are very friendly and ready to help with anything. They push you to network and set up lots of 1:1 meetings with upper managements. You have to know what meetings to attend, and prioritize your work. Lots of outdoors activities with my team. The interns were awesome. Their nature reflects the company's culture as well.
The great part of the job is being in contact with the end customer; that gives me a better insight into what they need and how can I help them.
At Cisco you own your own destiny. You can grow and move to many different roles in different organizations.  Great Co-workers!  Nice work/life balance in that you can work at home when needed and some teams are more remote. Global touch.
Cisco used to be nice place, lately with layoffs every year, it is a very insecure place for anyone wants to build a career. One has to see overall benefits before working there.
working environment is pretty good i have learn a lot of things.
I have already provided a review for this company. Nothing much more to say.
productive work setting. i have learned call manager and cisco unity.
led emerging market SOX compliance led North America controller role led Stock Admin led internal audit projects
Cisco is an overall great place to start. Flexible work schedule makes them very attractive.
Cisco Management is terrific! My team is very supportive andknowledgeable
Would like to get hired in as employee rather then a contractor.
Cisco has a very flexible work culture that can help employees balance work life balance.
In Cisco i had the opportunity to work in 4 different projects and that made me more versatile.  In the most recent project i was part of the PMO/ERMO -  Handling the Transition aspect of scopes that part of Quarterly release. Analyze each project in all phases of PLC (From BRD to all the way Go-live). Team work was the key as we had to deal with both Offshore/Onshore Teams. Getting less time for family as during the last stages of the project it became a round the clock cycle. New issues kept it interesting.
Cisco currently allows many individuals to work from home and provides great tools which allow employees to grow within the company without the need of an office environment
a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job
This was my first corporate experience. Great exposure to how to adapt the business to a changing market and grow your skills. Wide range of management being not experienced to very saavy. Just be sure you join a team where you have the fit and expect to transition on a 1-2 year cycle to stay relevant.
Really good working environment, alot to learn from. It really helped make me build my career as a professional.
Cisco is a good company to work with. From the past couple of years of work, it gradually became routine work that I need to make a change.
The reward I get from putting all the pieces together to pull off a successful webcast is exceptional! I have learned a great deal from my departmental mentor and also working with multiple Enterprise, SMB Business Units such as Marketing, IT, Networking, AV contractors, Project and Program mangers, Law and HR as well as the C-Level interaction with the client.
Being at Cisco for five years, it was a great learning experience. I enriched my project management, financial analytic and leadership skills. Solid management and co-workers foster an collaborative environment. Challenging part of the job was sometimes to get an innovative idea established and everyone on board. The most enjoyable part of the job is working with a great team that assists at any part of the day.
Most days I get in early so I can get emails done and be ready for the project team meeting
Dynamic, fast paced environment, great people to work with.
Self-motivated, experienced SaaS sales professional specializing in Mid-Market and Enterprise space. Customer centric, revenue driver, with solution selling approach, focused on managing end-to-end sales cycle including lead generation, qualification, building urgency in sales process, and closing net new business. Concentrated skillset in web touch, sales methodology, and versed in leveraging technology such as marketing automation, web conferencing, collaboration tools, and CRM to support closing forecasted deals.
I enjoyed my work with Cisco. They promote a very professional environment within a framework of honesty and integrity. This is the first company in my career that I ever thought of becoming "a company man".
Wonderful Experience working with switches and and their configuration
Active working with manufacturers, customers and personnel. Co-workers very generous with their time. Hardest part of job was coordinating personel. Most enjoyable part of job was building a business around a market that previously had not existed.
Management of innovative campaigns kept my skills sharp. Enjoyed working with VAR counterparts. Sometimes not enough work to do
Cisco Systems is a great place to work. Cross functional skills are a must. I currently work with distribution, customer service, co-planning, global supply chain management and contract manufacturing. Possess strong communication skills, analytical and business acumen, manage multiple tasks and interface effectively with Global teams. Achieve established goals and targets while operating under minimum supervision in highly stressful situations. Well versed in the use of various planning and application tools such as Oracle, CCW, Business Objects
Cisco is quite an interesting place, it offers flexible work hours.
Very fast-paced environment. To be successful, you must be able to handle ambiguity and know how to figure things out. People are great and very collaborative.
Flexible work schedule Learned a lot at work and about my trade. Excellent processes and learning experience. Compensation was average. Nothing great. Good bonus but right now Cisco is not giving out great bonuses Coworkers are wonderful management is so-so. reactionary, no proper guidance from immediate management. Mostly lifers
Loved having the flexibility of being a teleworker who was able to manage my business based on my knowledge of my customer's immediate needs.
Cisco pays well, the projects are interesting, frequently leading edge, and the hours are generally pretty good. However, everyone is constantly looking over their shoulder and worried about their job. In this respect it is a high stress position with little sense of job security.
It is a good place to develop a career. You can always look for new positions internally if you are not happy with current one.
Cisco is a big company with a lot of resources. There are always opportunities within the company that people can give it a try. The management here is pretty good.
Cisco is a great place to work. Great company, great people, great pay
Interim personnel is about connecting with people. For this reason, I like having a very personal, face-to-face experience. The fact that we'll always need to have the face-to-face experience keeps me motivated in always being the best of the best with my customer service attitude. I like the that the company is always growing in the way they use technology to play a significant role in the way people connect and relate in today\xe2\x80\x99s world. I appreciate that the company has made it a priority to keep pace with the latest innovations and trends hitting the market.
I formed many great relationships and have made many great contacts. Work/Life balance is better than any other job I had.
Work life balance is good and flexibility is good but you can be online constantly.
Enjoyed the staff and co workers. Great benefits. Management worked to keep us updated with company progress
The product I worked on was Cisco United Computing System An interesting product which included a complete set of compute blades or systems and all the networking needed to support it.Definitely doing more with less, people leave and don't get replaced but the work load doesn't change. Long hours are required just to keep up. Lots of contractors, no conversions to permanent.
Working at Cisco Finance gave me a great introduction to a relatively fast-paced workstyle. The contract was presented to me as more data-heavy with some knowledge of finance; the reality was the opposite. Cisco expects you to hit the ground running. They provide online training for contractors and training sessions for new full hires. Help files and tutorials are all at your fingertips, but if you don't know where to look, help may not very difficult to find, even if you ask multiple people. The company leverages a solid communications backbone to provide seamless real-time communications among all of their worldwide offices through online meetings, email, and instant messaging. I was not used to this environment, so it took me a while to become comfortable. Our office was also an open plan with all of the positives and negatives associated with that kind of space. My co-workers were very friendly and very helpful.  The biggest caveat for an hourly-wage contract position is their December break, which is a week-long office closing around that coincides with Christmas and New Year's. This arrangement poses no problems to a salaried employee, but an hourly employee loses one quarter of his or her salary for that month. Given the plethora of contract workers Cisco employs, I'm surprised this is not more of a concern among the workforce. It was the only time I experienced a Christmas negative bonus.  Overall, it's a great collaborative experience with a good variety of helpful co-workers.
It is a good place to be in. Lot of new projects and new devices and abundance of resources to get hands on experience.
Cisco was so nice working there.I meet new people learned how to do assembling and testing there .I enjoyed all the assembling and testing there that way I'm in school now for that field i like working with my hands
Working as an NCE for the previous 2 years, I've some exposure to Cisco culture.  The talent within the BU is normally excellent. Cisco MGMT is clueless as to dispelling rumors, constant restructuring of roles at the top. There is no room for salary increases. Cisco does not care about retaining top talent--they will simply let you go once you elect to resign. I've seen this from so many colleagues.  Colleagues are cool for the most part.  Its very easy to get lazy as work is mainly focused on advising and not hands-on.
A typical day at work involved morning telepresence SCRUM meetings with the team, as I was based in San Jose and the team were based in Austin, Texas. I would then speak to the team about my completed tasks, whether they were completed or not and then talk about the day's work ahead. I would then speak to the UI team that I was in about incorporating the wireframes and designs for the portlets and start implementing them in Javascript for the application. There were a total team of 12, but only two other UI developers as well as myself.  I learned Javascript from scratch in my initial two months of the internship, and then given tasks of refactoring old portlets. After those tasks were completed I moved to the next version of the product and do the wireframes for the portlets. For this version I had to familiarise myself with Dojo.js as we used a custom built framework that was built on top of Dojo for the widgets. I had good support from my manager and my team members.  My most enjoyable part of the job was getting my hands stuck in with the work and producing portlets which the team could be proud of, as well as learning new languages in order to reach this goal.
Very good environment. challenging work. comfortable work environment
Great place for compensation, but no training, advancement or integrity.
This tool provides the users to monitor Teradata Database inserts, updates to the Teradata Developers and also provides managers to approve the SOX related updates.
Culture Mutual Respect for one and another Benefits Enriching Experience overall
There are a lot of egos in middle management that interferes with getting things done and the long term benefits of the business. Many deliverables are prioritized based on squeaky managers that don't understand or refuse to know the benefits. I had 10 managers in 3 years and 2 months so I was never in a position where anyone knew my full potential or the history of the organization.
a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job
ZenSar Technologies is providing average salaries and even after performing best,i didn't receive the appraisal.Policies are not good.
Meetings with cross functional teams daily to discuss software development processes.
Very busy, fast paced, always given the opportunity for growth and learn new things.
Smart people, complex problems, large scale projects, diversity , cross functional teams
Here i started my career and worked as interim employee. Being a fresher, I learned a lot
I love working at Cisco. I have learned a lot during my time here. The group I work with is very friendly and supportive. That is what most freshers look for in a work group.
Highly recommended, worked with a bunch of very professional senior managers
hard work, but fun atmosphere with good co-workers. hardest part of work would be the physical labor of lifting heavy objects.
When i come in the fist think i do is check emails for any types of updated, or if a Program Manager called out the day of there briefing. After that i make sure all Circle ups are before 9:30 am if its not i need to know why, the Circle ups allow me to see what catering i need to enter for the next day briefings, also the circle up will show me if a room needs to be set up a certain way and that's what i would put on the Priority list for facilities to set up for the next day or if there are any big events going on. While doing all of this i also have to make sure all the briefings for that day all customers are taken care of and answer any questions they have as well if they need transportation to airports or dinners.
Working on C++, Unix, STL, data structures, multi-threading and software design.
Great company to work for with growth within the company. Schedule was perfect.
Frantic! Expect always the unexpected. Stay organized, informed and calm.  Learned to - Stay on track, build teams, juggle.  Mix of management styles  Super focused/competitive co workers  Hardest part - Leaving the job behind (24/7)  Pace, networking, projects, drive toward success and enhance in every area.
A great opportunity to master your skills and get paid well but the cultural expectation is to do exactly your job, as you are told with no questions. Internal promotions are few and far between unless you're someone's hatchet man. Benefits are great.
Very good people with renewed focus on having the best.  Many long timers, which helps keep the culture but limits promotions for people and new ideas.
Great experience. Ethical, fair and treats employees well. Interesting work to do. Supportive of rotating jobs. Endorses working from home which makes balancing work and life easier to do.
Business Intelligence - Involved in Development and testing of BI Reports
Career changed from IT to finance. Gained FP&amp;A experience, margin forecast, inventory management, cost saving and annual budge planning .etc.
I would run my badge though the door to enter the building, then the labs to start my day. Open up my laptop, then sign onto Cisco Jabber. Checked my e-mails before I continued where I left off from the previous day. I was the first employee at work, my co-workers would show up a few hours later, but they were all friendly and great to work with. The hardest part of the job was just dealing with the various temperature changes in labs and in certain areas. Some areas were extremely hot, while a few feet away, it would be extremely cold. There was also the noise factor. It was very loud in all the labs, where you needed to either where ear plugs or provide your self with ear-muffs. Lastly, the one of the hardest parts of the job was trying to squeeze in between racks that weren't spaced out evenly, to look for assets. I learned a lot of things, like how to remotely access terminal servers and smart PDU's remotely. Management pretty much left you alone once they felt you knew what you were doing. We had our meetings every 2 weeks just to check on our progress. The most enjoyable part of the job was actually just doing the work. It was very fun just working and smiling and seeing everyone else smile.
It very fun place and lot of challenging problems to solve.Learned lot of management are very supportive.
Great market share and margins. CEO is inspirational, too many of his direct reports aren't running the same plays that he is. They undermine the growth that should be happening. Too many of them are comfortable.
A leader in technology. Highly creative, stimulating workplace. Mission-driven - looks beyond stock price and profit. Customer-focused, employee focused. Committed to their values.
Cisco is a high-technology company going through continuous and necessary change, held back by turf battles and a short-term focused business model. The leadership would like to be more responsive and agile, but wants a silver bullet, and there are too many 'cooks' with not enough leadership vision.  On a day-to-day basis, the work can be interesting and challenging; no two days are ever the same, which is a great plus. There is a great deal of autonomy and flexibility, and results are expected. The most difficult part of this role is dealing with changing priorities, which cause waste and loss of productivity, and lead to disengaged employees. Those who are passionate about their work are a joy to work with, and make the job worth it.
it helped me to learn to work with different clients. acquire a lot of knowledge.
great place to work  good work on STB domain  work on c c++ linux
day-to-day work includes everything from market research, feature design, writing PRDs, user stories, prioritizing 3-week agile iterations, applying lean methodologies, measuring using analytics, working hands-on with engineers, QA
- Being in a Cross-functional role, my calendar is full of meetings. I meet my customers to understand their business requirements and how technology can help them, collaborate with BUs from different technologies to ensure the existing products meet the customer needs and if not plan to have them in the product roadmap. Define the today's do-ables we define the scope of work and work on POCs for customers. Successful POCs when lead to production deployments, support the delivery team on the Solution Design. - Working with so many teams and personalities, I have learnt conflict management and positively influence my team mates. I always work in teams per project which gave me the opportunity to work with may people and has been the most enjoyable part of my job.
Great Place to work, people seem to know how to work in a timely manner
GOOD COMPANY TO WORK FOR. LEARNED NEWORK ENGINEERING SKILLS..GREAT CO WORKERS
Periodically layoff affect the productivity of the employees. Managing style could be improved.
great work from home policy, too many lay offs, no management structure. hiring only contractors
Cisco is a well run organization. It is a demanding and fast paced job with large quotas and high expectations. It is a sink or swim environment. If you swim, you will be well compensated. It is not for everybody.
A typical day at work as a Cisco TAC backbone engineer consisted of getting into the office at 8:00 a.m. in order to setup and finish testing my lab recreates for various customer environments to determine root cause analysis or workarounds for various bugs or software/hardware limitations that a customer could be facing in his/her respective network. From 9-11 I would take between 2-4 backbone escalated cases, usually I would take a High Priority (P1) case and two or three Priority 2 or 3 cases. I would eat lunch at my desk and continue doing WebEx's and answering the phone for network down scenarios that my customer's may be faced with. I would leave the office around 6 or 7 p.m. and go home and finish off by closing cases I didn't have time to close during the day.
should have been more proactive in seeking out other opportunities within the company
1. Friendly working environment 2. learn a lot during working 3. challengeable
Company has focused on cost reduction opposed to innovation. Above average company to work for.
The agility and willingness to change in this organization is admirable for its size.
\xef\x81\xb6 Maintaining detailed records of customer inquiries, comments and opportunities \xef\x81\xb6 Handling call routing and other regular daily tasks to include data analysis, reviewing of processes and procedures, coordinating with various departments to manage customer issues. \xef\x81\xb6 Support TAC Engineers, Business Units, Advanced Service Field Engineers and Sales teams when installing or upgrading customer systems (by creating support cases for tracking purposes) \xef\x81\xb6 Working closely with the Business Units, Advanced Service and Sales teams to execute customer requests \xef\x81\xb6 Actively participate/lead in any Cisco/Customer conference calls on processes/procedures \xef\x81\xb6 Provide efficient and effective troubleshooting of the customer\xe2\x80\x99s data or call routing issues \xef\x81\xb6 Assist VTAC and Engineering by tracking the implementation and testing of new products \xef\x81\xb6 Provide professional oral and written issue status to customer, management and engineering on request \xef\x81\xb6 Working with 3rd party vendors to integrate the Cisco system with other components
Escorts vendors into DC and performs visual installation quality compliance checks \xe2\x80\xa2 Prepares cable labeling and grounding wire for server cabs and zonal equipment \xe2\x80\xa2 Performs DC caretaking duties such as managing tacky mats and refilling cable bins \xe2\x80\xa2 Receives and processes material and equipment deliveries to site \xe2\x80\xa2 Performs periodic inventory of material and initiates material re-supply requests \xe2\x80\xa2 Assists in vendor delivery and installation of equipment \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinates with facilities on DC repairs when identified during periodic DC walk through \xe2\x80\xa2 Ensures storage rooms, staging areas, and loading dock remain in orderly condition \xe2\x80\xa2 RFID tag equipment and update related databases \xe2\x80\xa2 Performs periodic RFID inventory reviews and reconcile discrepancies \xe2\x80\xa2 Prep/Stage server cabs in build room \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinates delivery of materials and equipment with external storage facility \xe2\x80\xa2 Performs compliance checks in DC after deployments \xe2\x80\xa2 Develops patch plans for new DC deployments \xe2\x80\xa2 Utilizes DC infrastructure management databases
A great place with culture promotes job work and life balance but lack of advancement opportunities for people with ambition and good performance
Cisco has been a great place to work. We have gone through a few rough patches but the leadership team has helped us push through
A typical day at work involved supervising Global Export Trade issue with importation channel Partners, Customer Service &amp; Sales Teams and the US Government.  Over the course of 7 years, I've learned valuable skills as it pertained to global trade, communication, project management, collaboration, compliance issues, real estate and data manipulation.  Working with management and my co-workers was a great experience. Most of my engagement was virtual. However, I was privileged to travel to San Jose periodically to cultivate a more personal relationship with my colleagues.  The most enjoyable part of the job was being able to collaborate virtually with very important Partners around the world in real time, interacting with the work styles of different cultures and facilitating important business with these individuals, corporations and foreign government entities.
Great place to work if you like to be a part of shifting dynamics in the industry.
Great place to work.. Good salary and benefits. You learn a lot about technology and a great team to work for..
WebSphere Portal and Commerce WAS, Jython, WebSphere Commerce ,
Partnering with cross boundary functions is key to success.
Good place to work. Learned about new tools and how business works.
Great place to work, work/life balance was great, coworkers work as a team.
I was working in Customer Lab and hence need to check on all the customer issues. This part of job will be highly challenging I have learnt patience and what is in depth testing and to see the product with Use case scenarios Good team Each moment in the team was enjoyable.
Learned new things and the co-workers are so cool and helpful. The most enjoyable part of the job is getting new projects and teamwork processes, and performance outcomes.
As the Global Account Manager I was responsible for Cisco sales to Citi Bank Latin America. I was responsible for the Cisco security products on a global level. As part of the 3 man team we booked over $50 million in sales.
Awesome organization and enjoy working with Cisco. I was challenged in every work assignment and the work was intense, at times, but it was rewarding.
Day to Day Customer/User interactions on Planned /Scheduled Swimlanes and Delivery strategies Hierarchical overview of time-to-time strategizing, Review, Monitoring and War-room, To Scrum thru the Project and Advance projects
Working at Cisco gave me the opportunity to begin working in the corporate environment which provided me with the aptitude needed to work alongside such great minds of the industry.
Variety of different types of people, with different successes and backgrounds coming together to each give their past experiences and knowledge to complete projects. Management is easily approachable and no one gets left behind. Hardest part of the job would be finding out where to eat with your team for lunch. Enjoyable part of the job would be the opportunity to work with and build new relationships with co-workers to learn from.
Cisco was a great company to work for 13 years ago, but as the years past working a a remote campus became poor. The sense of a team fell apart and we feel isolated.
People are helpful and generally friendly. I appreciate the attention to detail in creating comfortable workspace, breakrooms, cafes conveniently located, etc.
Cisco Systems was one of the best places to work for years. They were the leader in many facets of computer networking, had an excellent group of leaders and visionaries, attracted the best and the brightest, and treated the employees as treasured assets. A few years ago the glow and luster began to oxidize. They made several product errors, acquired some companies that did not pan out, began eliminating many of the comforts, and exercised several layoffs -- the most recent of which (October 2013) impacted almost 5000 employees.
Install, configure, operate, and troubleshoot routed and switched networks, including implementation and verification of connections to remote sites in a WAN of small business to large enterprise networks.  .
very happy place to work as contractor in Cisco, worked in many tracks and learnt more new cross flows.
awesome manager, learnt a lot from him...awesome manager, learnt a lot from him...
a typical day at work what you learned management your co-workers the hardest part of the job the most enjoyable part of the job
It was a very flexible environment to work in. The culture of Cisco made it easy for collaboration across different expertise.
Nice place to work with good people. Slow work pace with good benefits.
Fast paced, focused company. Co-workers were knowledgeable and always ready to help.
good place to work in, lot of challenges and opportunities.  lot of outsourcing
\xe2\x80\xa2 Systems Admin Support, Support Service Center ticketing system- ADD, REMOVE, VERIFY Clients, RESTORES \xe2\x80\xa2 Remedy 7 ticketing system \xe2\x80\xa2 Provide daily monitoring and management of data backups to ensure successful completion and take corrective action for any data backup that does not complete successfully \xe2\x80\xa2 Serve as technical liaison with Engineering and Storage/Backup Management teams. \xe2\x80\xa2 Veritas Netbackup software. Version 6.5, Experience GUI. Using UNIX scripts and command line utilities. \xe2\x80\xa2 7/24 on call support for recall tapes for the purpose of priority restore and planed customer projects, using Iron Mountain Secure Sync. \xe2\x80\xa2 Remote administration support of Quantum Scolar i2000 Library , ( L3 \xe2\x80\x93 L4 tapes ) \xe2\x80\xa2 Remote administration support of NetApp VTL1400 onsite tape operations including managing tape inventories, tape rotations, loading, clean and unloading tape drives, bring tape drives up and down \xe2\x80\xa2 Vertices Administration includes creating vault list and reports, scan tapes for offsite storage. \xe2\x80\xa2 updating volume configurations, updating the robots, and monitoring the status of the tape drives \xe2\x80\xa2 troubleshoot down drives, using NetBackup 6.5, NetApp VLT1400 applications. \xe2\x80\xa2 Participate in Disaster Recovery Tests. Participated in cable installation and testing
I've spent 6 years at Cisco with evolving roles from Financial Analyst to Sales Professional. I've received extensive, ongoing training and grown to be a self-starter with significant responsibility. As part of the my most recent, and perhaps most relevant role, I've managed multi-million dollar territories, never failed to attain quota, established and grew business relationships with key senior executives, organized and hosted massive marketing events in partnership with key channel partners, recevied multiple awards for team contributions including top Account Manager a multitude of times, and identified Sales as the profession I'd like to continue my career path towards.
Work to work day are typical but does have a learning curve.  Management does not manage or promote.  Very low glass ceiling and no recognition in work by upper management.  Most enjoyable part of the job is that schedule is flexible and you can work from home, time to time.
Cisco is a dynamic company to work for. With emphasis on innovation you can expect to shift gears constantly to move with the latest strategy to implement the Internet of Everything.
Cisco Systems is an excellent place to learn network engineering. My daily activities was to design network infrastructures for Cisco Systems high end clients. The major part of my engineering development was while at Cisco Systems. The management staff was hands off unless you caused an issue for a client. My co-workers were very talented engineers that i can call on if needed. The hardest part of working at Cisco Systems was that you may be all alone to resolve a major issue. The most enjoyable part of the job was when you completed a high level design and implemented it with no issues.
Analysis, design and development of Application based on J2EE and allied technologies using Agile methodology.
As long as your job expectations and objectives match what Cisco has defined, you will be fine. What made Cisco an exciting place to work was that your co-workers had your back and shared knowledge. Now many aspects of your job are now out sourced, your co-workers and manager rarely see you as they maybe located in different states. Expect frequent management, reorganization and job title changes. Constantly being scrutinized and micro-managed is to be expected. Also moving within the company is very challenging as you are either "too valuable in your existing position" or "not meeting standards" due to job satisfaction which is the reason you are looking for a change.
Challenging work, good work life balance. Nice location and good facility.
Great Company, nice co-corkers, always sharing and willing to train and transfer new knowledge.
Excellent environment to work. Co-workers are helpful and nice
Resistance to help from hardware vendors (superiority complex) Resistance to creative solutions?
Excellent place to work. People were very nice, it was like a family.
Cisco is overall a great company to work for. I've had the pleasure of being paired with the best and brightest in the industry and have been able to learn from them in many ways. I appreciate all the time I've spent here.  I've also had the opportunity to continually receive great leadership and support from my managers. They have always pushed me to achieve the most and have regularly checked in to make sure my priorities are setup in a way to balance work, life, and goals.  The only downfall I've seen has been the company shift and restructuring that has hurt a lot of teams. Many great engineers have left the company because of this. Also, the compensation for my level of effort and expertise leaves a bit to be desired. I would appreciate Cisco spending more time recognizing effort and success by directly increasing salary to those who make projects successful.
technical environment. the web design team working so on time
Well known company, leader in networking and changing the ability to connect people and communications.
Cisco's CSR program is an amazing opportunity to learn about the technology field, grow as an individual while having the best management surrounding you.
Collaborate with different teams and come up with better and efficient solutions to meet their needs
Cisco used to be a great company, but now it is struggling to fend off competition especially from VMWare.
Very diverse work enviroment, excellent place to work! Offers assistance with continued education.
best place to work for network engineers. great human resource. excellent culture.
Typical day: Meet with US Eastern time zone/Europe in the morning to collaborate on requirements on innovation management. Create specs in the afternoon. Meet with Development team in the evening to make sure agile development is done according to requirements.
Working at Cisco is an experience of a lifetime. It is a whirlwind of experiences made possible by top notch tools and technology.
You get in in the morning be ready to tackle new issues with a smile. I have learned so much. Supply Chain tips on lead times, JIT, and flow of orders thru out the world. Demand Planning, Consesus Ship Plan and Consesus Book Plan forecasting, Logistics, TAA Tariffs, automating and managing supply chain tools for metrics. Order visibility to MPAs and DPs is paramount. Liaison with customer service counter parts for result achievement on recommits and expedites with the executive. The hardest part of this job is to have all the tools that can tell a complete story of an order from time booked, entered to promise date and ship. The most enjoyable part of this job is its flexibility, company outings from time to time, and working with great, very knowledgeable people who really care.
Cisco was a great environment to work in. Challenging, fast paced, smart people, great projects and an opportunity to be visible if you are a performer.
Nice management and great work culture. good location and facilities for employees
This is a Fast paced ever evolving place to work. as technology changes constantly.
My project is very intense and rewarding. During my tenure at Cisco, I've acquired soem systems and business process knowledge that will truly be useful for my experience. Also, the comapny allowed me to have broad exposure into its operations, workflow, and different business segments.
Great place to work and learn. Some very smart people at cisco
Overall it is a great company to work with.  Lots of great people.
There is so much going on it is easy to get lost in the mix. This can be a great workplace for anyone who has experience with delivering solid work with very little guidance.
Work hard and everyone was respected. Boss didn't watch over your shoulders
Lot of networking options, employee discounts learning opportunities
still haven\'t learned from past misadventures in how to integrate acquisitions completely checked out sales leadership culture with no clear plan to go beyond core products disconnect between engineering and sales ie, too much "over the fence throwing" way too many level 13 directors who truly do nothing but worry about reporting up passive-aggressive co-workers
A good company to work for, but management plays games. The hardest part of the job were changing so many system that did not help at all but cost a lot of money and spent a lot of time.
\xe2\x80\xa2 Solely responsible for implementing the changes, enhancing and testing of programs in business areas that were allocated to me. \xe2\x80\xa2 Coordinate with Offshore team and help them. \xe2\x80\xa2 Understand the requirement from Client and implement it. \xe2\x80\xa2 Debug the Live production system when required and fix the issues. \xe2\x80\xa2 Work on enhancements in Agile Methodology. \xe2\x80\xa2 Get the information from Product Owner regarding the enhancement and implement the same. \xe2\x80\xa2 Test the enhancement and get the approval for the completion by a demo to the Product Owner. \xe2\x80\xa2 Participate in Engineering demo to explain the User Stories implemented in the sprint to other scrum teams. \xe2\x80\xa2 To present the enhancement to customer (Customer Demo) and get their feedback. \xe2\x80\xa2 Lead the Agile team when required. \xe2\x80\xa2 To resolve the defects which are identified as blockers to the User story \xe2\x80\xa2 Deliver the ES (Engineering special) on time when required. \xe2\x80\xa2 Responsible to logically divide the epic into multiple User stories and identify the order in which the user stories has to be picked
Adore contributing to a world-class organization, working collaboratively, albeit remotely!
Heavy foot traffic in and out of the lobby and cafe. Checking in all incoming guest. Managing conference rooms and meetings for the day. Providing and assisting all customers and employee with company's information.
Good company, good products, fair to employee, San Jose based. People work for good boss. Sometimes, a wrong person as supervisor can drive good productive people who truly deliver company's profitability out.
Love the flexibility bestowed. Depending on the team you work for, there are a lot of fun things to take part in besides work. It may be difficult to move up in the hierarchy.
Cisco believes in employee empowerment. The people I worked with were all highly professional and easy to work with.
Nice place to work. Lots of learning opportunities with cutting edge technologies.
WebEx SOC Aug.2013-Present -Establish a network environment by designing system configuration, directing system installation, defining, documenting, and enforcing system standards. -Maximize network performance by monitoring performance, troubleshooting network problems and outages, and scheduling upgrades to ensure system availability and data integrity. - Secure network system by defining and monitoring access, and establishing and enforcing policies. Respond to inquiries from staff, administrators, service providers, and vendors to provide technical assistance and support.
I had a great seven years here. Good work environment and had a great boss. Unfortunately finance group is in a transition phase and my group was eliminated.
Typical work day involved answering phone calls within the call center and resolving issues revolving around payroll.  Management and mentoring was strong and help was always a click away, co-workers were very helpful and the greatest things I learned were:  - vocal control during phone calls - dealing with stressed individuals while keeping my cool - learning to be resourceful and finding answers on my own - learning to deal with limited information - understanding that ambiguity is a default state in a problem solving role  Most difficult part of the job was learning all the details surrounding the payroll issues in a short period of time as it was an internship and the best part of the job was the team and people, they were very kind and always lending a helping hand even when they themselves were swamped with work.  Mentoring provided was awesome!
I was an Intern for a summer at Cisco so I do not have enough expirence to provide valuable feedback. However, during my time there I was given many projects where I was the project lead and the culture was a very fun and enjoyable to be a part of. The co-workers were very helpful and willing to spend time helping me grow profressionally.
While supporting Sr. VP's, VP's, Directors and Managers, responbility was to schedule meetings, make travel arrangements, respond to emails on behalf of the VP's, edit and assist in creating Powerpoint presentations, work on projects, process expenses, order supplies and provide assistance to others  Everyone in my work location based on my experience worked together as a Team and always strived for success of the organization.
Typical big company.  Management tries their best.  Not that innovative as they like to think,
Check in and get on the phones and service Cisco's customers. The management is great and would bend over backwards for you.
Production support is not a good experience in Cisco. Process is well defined and followed . Typical work day is too busy (depending on the project) But job security is not good.
Cisco is a great company to work for. A typical day starts off with prioritizing my to do list. It is great to get in the office early and get a head start on email .The boss arrives or calls I will then re-prioritize my list based on the sense of urgency. In between all of this I answer the phone and deal with the immediate needs of customers and co-workers. As the face of the business, it is important that I handle interruptions to my schedule with graciousness and unruffled efficiency.
I worked in the IPTV division of Cisco in Boxborough, MA as a senior contractor.
Oracle production DBA,Databases : oracle 11g, EM: 10G, Replication:Shareplex, ERP: Oracle E-Biz,
Did market research for the SLED departments for Cisco. Took data from databases and the web to compile useful information to set up boundaries where Cisco did not have a presence in.
Loved my job, co-workers, and learning opportunities. Fast paced environment. Must enjoy working with all types of people from around the world and with all levels of education.
The job was fun, i learned a lot about the third party tool they were using. Documentation needs to be more structured as its difficult for people who join new to understand the process.
Good Company to work for, except they lay off a lot. Senior Management is set at where they are, it is the little people that get effected.
They want want hire contractors for grunt jobs. Don't want to use talent or experience of the new hires to improve processes and productivity. They just want to run the environment as is.
Cisco is a great place to work if you're looking for flexible hours and colleagues who genuinely enjoy helping you succeed.  Advancement is hard at this point in time so if you're in a position that doesn't challenge you it's hard to get out of it. However, Cisco provides a lot of opportunity to improve yourself while you wait. Unfortunately, you don't have any idea how long you'll be waiting.
A typical day at work consists of running macros/scripts on 3 different sets of routers to update the IOS and other various software updates to prepare routers for Mechanical, Hardware, and Software quality assurance testing. I learned a lot about navigation through routers and debugging them. The managers were great you could tell they decided on options that would be in the best interest of their own workers. Co-workers were friendly and willing to teach. The hardest part of the job was dealing with the down time when our lab had little to no projects coming in to be worked on. The most enjoyable part of the job was the ability for me to show my skills and talents to the people around and the learning experience and the connections I made with my co-workers.
Managed day to day administration and communication for Section 125 Cafeteria Welfare plans such as medical/dental coverage, FSA, LTD and STD insurance, group life insurance, supplemental life, 401(k) Plan, pension, Loa\xe2\x80\x99s and all requirements of federal/state programs such as ERISA and COBRA.  As Corporate support , provided administrative support to the Human Resources divisions.Create reports and analyzes data as needed. Responsible for processing and maintaining employee data as well as assisting in defining procedures. Interfaced with the payroll department regarding employee transactions. Consulted with Information Management relative to system and software disconnects, enhancements, special projects, special reporting needs and data maintenance/retrieval.
I learnt people management,Business Analysis,Data Analysis and good Management.
I enjoyed HR work and in working with people. People are very valuable to employers and I want to make sure that I am apart of a team that treat employees with the upmost respect and integrity.
Average salary but lots of favoritism. Employees are not rewarded by merit
working at cisco was a great experience. the teams and environment is great.
Strong experienced technical co-workers, good work-life balance, innovation encouraged and supported
Good place to work, good people, good pay and benefits. Hard to impossible to get promoted. Director level mgt is poor. Lost of change.
After being in this company for as many years as I have been here, there are really only a few things I can say.  1) I took the job over another job, even though it was at a lower pay rate, due to the name. On a resume Cisco will always look great.  2) It is best to quit your Cisco job, find another placement in another company for 1 year and return to Cisco, if you want a higher salary. If you stay in the same company for too long, they forget who you are, never grant you a raise and expect you to quit. Saves them money in the end.  3) If you dont mind managers being across the globe as well as changing every 11 months, you are a perfect fit. I did not mind the managers being globally spaced out. I did mind that they changed every 11 months just prior to your evaluation which they use to recommend your salary rates. This is a typical tactic, if your new manager doesnt know you, they cannot fight on your behalf to grant you a raise.  Working at home is the best, and only Cisco can allow you to be 100% work from home with a real salary. I do work longer hours at home, but its at home, so you dont really feel it as much as if you were driving to the office at 8 am and finishing at 1am like I do for my job now.  Bottom line, salary is not why you choose Cisco. If you do, dont choose Cisco, because many many other companies pay much more for the same amount of effort involved to work at Cisco.  Managers become Senior Managers, lay offs scare the employees so they wont request another raise or be the next on the chopping block. And 3 months after the lay offs have cleared the news, more managers get raises. Multiple companies purchased which waste money yet the employees are amongst the lowest in the industry, as far as salaries.
Great benefits, questionable leadership. work-life balance good. great telecommuter company if you are into that
still a great company with talented people. Cisco became involved in some adjacent areas that didn't pay off
I would work with different user group, understand and analyse what their current system does. I look into the content source ,voulme of query and the scope of the project. I think very analytically and refined good problem solver . Strong communicator and comfortable engaging with technical and business stakeholders. I have learnt to understand the need of the user and provide both technical solution and process related enhancement . I have improved the relevancy in cisco.com by 30 % by reducing the abandonment rate of the query and ensure good content is available for the user. I enjoyed the companionship of every employee and they are warm and they are willing to collaborate and succeed as a team. The hardest part was communication between so many track and discuss with them the up stream and down stream implication and coming to consensus .
Cisco is a world class networking company. What can I say that has not already been said?
I believe that management is divided in groups of people that favor one another and will only helps those with whom they have worked before or they have helped before. Difficult to advance only on merit unless you are part of the good ol' boys club.
Best company I have worked for. Management is strategic and forward thinking.
This environment requires very high levels of comittment to the job in time and a high energy job.  Requesting a training development plan be cut in half to save time and money regardless of the required accuracy and successful outcome in the classroom wass unreasonable. I did it, bu had to complete the project on my own time to meet the demanded reduction in the project plan. The outcome was successful, but I had to work up to 16 hours per day to accomplish rresuls.
Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.Fun to work with co-workers in a productive env.
It was good experience to work at Cisco. Nice company, good people to work for, technology advanced, flexibility was very helpful. Plenty of work and days go really fast. Management was very friendly and co-operative. Co workers are smart, fun and talented. Smart work, internal controls, smooth systems, work flow and very result oriented.
Learned a lot working for a big and growing company. Learned about collaboration, technology and leadership.
Monitoring of servers Working with BU's Data Center Issues Working assigned tickets Projects
I had more than 10 managers or leads telling me what to do on regular basis. They were in constant conflict. I was getting around 800 emails a day and I had to sort through them to find what my managers wanted me to do. The work never ended and I had to work evenings and weekends. I had many of managers in remote locations like San Jose, Austin, India and each had some crazy idea they wanted you to do. The developers were always hiding info so you can't find bugs in their code.
This is the company that trained me and gave me so much to look forwrd too thy opened so many doors for me.
well recognized company. political environment. not much room to grow.
Explosive Fast Pace Company, always growing and seeking new fantastic markets
Excellent place at any time of your career, Whether you are a new grad or experienced professional.
I truly like the Cisco culture and felt that it developed me into who I am today.
Cisco is an overall great company to work for, and for full time employee's they offer training and support. Co-workers are intelligent, diligent, and for the most part professional. The hardest part of the job is lack of guidance from management. The most enjoyable part of the job are the colleagues. there are good people who work there.
I was able to work virtually form this company. If i was needed in the office, it was an hour drive, but the people there made it well worth it.I was always treated fairly and compensated well.
Good place to work. I learned new technologies. I followed many more processes
Everyone if very Friendly and Nice ,up beat attitude, great 8-5 job with 1 hour lunch break ,very quiet location beautiful outside view .  very slow not lots of work to do ,
I loved working there and would probably go back. There is a great atmosphere at the company.
A great company to work for with Flexible Hour but many late nights and weekend working
You are independent worker but working with collaborated teams across the globe. People are friendly and helpful. Management is good to understand issues and problems and follow up on new solutions. The hardest part of the job was being remote most in North Carolina and San Jose, CA. The most enjoyable part of the job is waking up in the morning working with the co-workers and new technologies.
A typical day was working with customers, program managers, project managers and customer service managers to ensure that orders for cable boxes and satellite products was processed and delivered in a timely manner without errors. Handled hundreds of mid-market accounts and processed order to increase revenue on an annal basis. Mentored and trained other reps.
Big campus, great co workers. My job required me to assist with set up prior to conferences Assist with set up prior to start of a conference or event, Answer phone calls, Sign in guest, Managers and Speakers into the event. Create or handout badges to attendees of event.
Have grown a lot in the current role, have learned to work with tough customers and enjoy the dynamic network challenges.
work is integrated within your life. provides flexibility but also accountability.
slow pace, job security, advancement opportunies, but quite an amount of bureaucracy as for a normal big company
I found working at Cisco to be enriching in knowledge and that the management was very supportive in my career advancement and activities.  There was a great balance between having fun and working hard and everyone was willing to go the extra mile to complete projects.
